(A Story That Everybody Wants To Tell)





© 2010 by Bianca (bien_021)

Promo Pic by Bee (Curiositykil s) and Zarah (theCINNAMONbel e)





No parts of this publication may be reproduced or stored in a retrieval

system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical,

photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without permission of the author.





I have always wanted to write many things. A

lot of things. Things that I’ve come to know

and experience.





I wanted to write them all…





But I always ended up writing about you.





And I think that has to stop.





Introduction





I lie every time you ask me what I wish for as the clock strikes 11:11. I

didn't want to tell you that most of the time I am wishing for you. Because I

know every 11:11, you are wishing for someone else.

"It wasn't puppy love or infatuation, or love at first sight, or anything that

people always talk about and laugh. I can't really explain it - it

s so hard to put into words but - well, it was just something I'd never felt

before. Something I'd never even known. People can't tell you about things

like that, you have to find them out for yourself. That is why it is so

important."



This is a story of love and hate, of a love waiting to happen and of a love

waiting to be ripped into pieces. This is a cliche story written from the

heart, a story that is bound to go beyond the boundaries of friendship. Many

has written about it, many has encountered it and many are trying their

hardest not to tell it.





This is a story of friendship and love that most people talk about but are

afraid to let it show. For once in my life I'm writing about a story that I

could relate to because it happened to me. This is my story.





And as for you, to that one person that I had dedicated everything about,

this again, is for YOU and when she's telling you sweet things quoted from

books, I am out here writing you one.





Prologue



I don't know just why I'm telling you all this.

Maybe you'll think I'm being silly.

But I'm not, really, because this is important.

You see it was different!

It wasn't just because it was Mark and I either - it was something much

more than that.

It wasn't as it's written in magazine stories or as in late night TV dramas

where the boy's family teases him about liking a girl and he gets

embarrassed and stutters.

And it wasn't silly, like sometimes, when girls sit in school and write a

fellow's name all over the margin of their papers.

I never wrote Mark's name at all till I wrote it in a 1/4 sheet of paper to be

passed in our Psychology class for the list of our groupmates.

And it wasn't puppy love or infatuation, or love at first sight, or anything

that people always talk about and laugh.

Maybe you don't know just what I mean. I can't really explain it - it's so

hard to put in words - but, well, it was just something I'd never felt before.

Something I'd never even known.

People can't tell you about things like that, you have to find them out for

yourself. That's why it is so important.

It was something I'll always remember because I just couldn't forget - it's a thing like that.





One



Everything happened this way. At the very beginning of my first year in college I

met Mark – first day, first period, first school hour, first college crush.



The sun signals that I am late for my first period which is P.E. so I pulled anything

in my dresser, dressed and powdered my nose a little. I brushed my hair about

three times then shove random things in my bag.



“I’m off!” I yelled at Eve, my cousin and roommate. She peeked through the wall

dividing the kitchen and the room itself.



“Don’t forget your class schedule; I’m sure you haven’t memorized anything

yet.” She smiled. I cursed under my breath and fumbled through my bag. Damn!

Where’s that stupid class schedule, the alarm on Eve’s phone signals me that I’m

going to be late if I’m going to move a muscle to find that darned schedule.



“It’s in your drawer! Gosh! It’s like you have some kind of short term memory loss or

something.” I smiled and found my class schedule exactly where Eve said it would

be.



First day of college life is hell. Why?



First of, my school is just a 10 minute walk from my dorm, meaning I have to cross

the streets alone! And I hate it, it’s as if anytime a car can just go over me and

then I’ll be dead before I knew it. And then the headline on a newspaper would

go: A girl age 15 died as she was crossing the street. Talk about STUPID! One thing about me? I don’t know how to cross the street; I’d go ballistic if I hear horns

beeping like mad. I don’t have any experiences like road kill or anything, but

crossing the street sure is one thing that threatens me most.



Second, I am so new in this place I don’t even know where the hell I should turn,

left and right confuses me! So are north and south, and east and west. Directions

for me are like solving an equation in Algebra, confusing and hard to understand.



Third, when I’m new in one place, it seems that I am on a huge stage and even if I

thought I circled it for a couple of times I am still not nearing the center.



Fourth, and obviously the main reason why I’m mumbling nonsense things, is

because I am late!



I entered the gates of my new school, looked around and saw different buildings all

around, I gulped, where the hell is P502 B? I walked acting cool, trying to hide the

cold sweat that is threatening to run down my face. I looked left and right no sign

of P502 B anywhere. Students are beginning to look at me as my head turns left

and right constantly, I caught a guy looking at me, his eyes giving me one of those

you-are-a-freshie-and-you-don’t-know-where-to-go stare.



I just smiled at him and muttered in my breath, “Exercise you know, so that your

neck would enhance its senses.” And then headed off, fast. The first bell rang and I am frantic. So I gulped every bits of dignity left in my struggling soul and went to

ask Manong Guard, “Good morning Manong, I just wanted to ask where I can find P507 B?” I asked pointing at my class schedule; I saw hurrying students glanced

over their shoulders to laugh at the poor freshie student who seems lost and

confused.



The guard vaguely pointed at some building, he didn’t even bother to put into

words some directions, which would be helpful enough even for someone like me,

who seems at lost with just the word – directions.



I walked through where the guard pointed and lo and behold I saw a building called

Perfecto. P in P507 must mean Perfecto, I ran towards it and took the steps with a

pace of 2 steps at a time. When I reached the fifth floor I stopped to catch my

breath. Curse this school for not having elevators! I saw 501 written on one room

and I smiled, I walked and saw room 502, I walked passed it again and saw 503. I

must’ve skipped 502 B so I walked again, nothing happened, no matter what I do

and no matte how many times I walk back and forth reality tells me that after

room 502 is room 503.



I cursed again, what is this place King Cross Station where I have to go through a

barrier? Someone tapped me from behind and saw the guy I saw earlier. “Lost?” he

asked.



“Yeah,” I said defeated. He suddenly took the class schedule from my hands, he

studied it and he laughed. “P502 B is located just besides this building; want me to

walk you there?” I nodded.



When we reached P502 B I thanked him and he just waved and ran as the second

bell rang. I peeked at the room and am relieved to see that the teacher has not yet

arrived.



And then I saw him.



I remembered just how it was. I was standing by the door looking at the room when

I saw him sitting, his bag on his lap. Of course I didn’t know him yet, he just smiled

to be friendly, or I just imagined that he did, but I waited a few minutes by the

door hoping that he might stand up or walk up to the door or something, but he

didn’t.



I entered the room, not knowing that the first day of the rest of my life had just

begun.



The night after that I sat by my bed and looked at the empty space on the wall, I

saw him in English class today, he is seated in an angle where when I moved my

head a little I could catch a glimpse of him, which I do almost all the time. I placed

my bag where when I can turn to get some stuff I can catch a glimpse of him. All

throughout that day I permitted myself to forget to take out my English notebook

or immediately return my pen on my bag just so I could turn again to get it and

get a good glimpse of him once more. Yes, I was that pathetic. Who wouldn’t? He is

handsome and all girls can attest to that.



Next morning is Psychology, we were grouped into eight and I prayed so hard that

when the count off starts his number would match mine, and it did. The groups

meet and I find myself seating just a seat apart from him.



A girl named Yuri smiled and introduces herself first, I envy that girl’s confidence,

she smiled at him and held her hands to him first and she imitated the gesture to

each one of us. When it was his turn to introduce himself, I couldn’t wait to hear his

voice, I edged a little from my seat which I realized to be pathetic so I slid back

again, pretending that I don’t care whether I hear his voice or not, besides, I already

knew what his name was.



“Mark.” He said, and I almost blurted out “I know” right in front of him.



We were then tasked to do a role play portraying inferiority and superiority

complexes, Yuri volunteered her place so after class we headed to her house to

practice.



We practiced a little and talked a lot, about TV shows whether one is a Kapuso or

not and those kinds of boring stuffs you utter just to keep the conversation alive.

When the clock strikes 6 we are all exhausted from talking too much and Yuri

suggested that we practice again tomorrow, we all agreed to her suggestion.



“So where are you headed?” Mark asked as we reached the waiting shed.



I looked at him to verify that he is indeed talking to me, when I looked he is already

looking at me and I felt myself blush, I completely forgot where I lived. 5 seconds

passed and I’m speechless.



“I’m headed to T. Malozo, you?” Jojo, our other groupmate, replied. I thanked him in my mind; he saved me from my humiliation.



“Headed near there too.” Mark replied and then looked at me again, waiting for my answer.



“I’m staying at New Liason, it’s near T. Malonzo.” I said, finally. We all rode the same jeepney and when we reached town, Jojo forgot that he has to buy dinner

since he’s living alone, which left Mark and I, alone in the jeepney with nothing left

to say.



When we reached the junction, the jeepney stopped and we walked to our places.



“So, can I get your number?” he asked, stopping me in my tracks.



He stopped too, I looked at him to see if he is serious, he was I

hope. “09162036983.” I said and he keyed in my number, I continued walking,

not knowing whether he indeed saved it or he just asked to be polite.



“I should cross now, that’s my dorm.” I said pointing to him the blue building across the street. He just smiled at me and waved goodbye.



He didn’t even walk me home! Or was I expecting too much? But he should at least

accompany me to cross the street! Minus points for that, I thought. When I was

about to forget all my craziness about him, “Bianca!” he shouted I looked around to see him across the streets with his hands cupped in his mouth, a gesture that made

me laugh because it was as if I am on a different mountain instead of a different

lane. “Good night.” He shouted again, I managed a waved and when I turned

around I couldn’t help but smile.



Even when you say prayers for it, a thing almost never happens the way this did. In

five minutes of pacing around our dorm room, just a few minutes before Mark

shouted his good nights I’d never heard my phone beep at all. It was just as if it had

been planned, when I was about to turn off my phone, so that I wouldn’t look

stupid looking at it all night long I felt my phone vibrate in my hands. I received a

message from Mark.



Two



His message wasn’t like what every girl would’ve expected when you finally met the

one you thought you’d be with forever, but each letter written in my phone’s screen

tells me that he, himself, keyed in those messages just for me. In case you’re

wondering his text only says “good night. Sweet dreams.” Yet it stayed in my inbox for months.



P.E. was then divided into two different groups; boys played basketball while we

girls ran and ran and ran with nowhere to go. I met friends and became close to

them, college is beginning to be what I’d imagine it to be, but somehow it still feels

incomplete. I need him.



One Thursday afternoon, when the heavens decided to pour so hard, something

happened that I can’t simply forget.



“What are you waiting for Eve? Christmas?” I yelled at my cousin who is still

combing her hair in front of the mirror as if 5 minutes before one isn’t something

to be frantic about especially in this storm.



“You’ll walk to Gonzales building with this kind of weather?” she asked me and then thankfully she already gathered her things.



“No, I’ll walk by the junction and get a taxi.” When I looked at the gate in our

dorm, the rain is pouring so hard and the wind might just as well blow me away. I

inhaled and looked at Eve, “Ready?” I asked, as if we’re somewhat entering a

battlefield.



“Ready when you are!” she replied. I gripped my umbrella with two hands praying

to God that it won’t flip backwards due to the heavy winds. What are they waiting

for? Tornado? Why don’t they just cancel class? But if they did, this might never

happen.



“Hey! Bianx! Isn’t that Mark?” Eve pointed out to a place full of people with

umbrellas.



“haha! Funny! Lame attempt!” Eve has this habit of saying “oh look there’s Mark.”

And I’ll turn around like crazy and he’s really not there. I haven’t told her that I like him yet, but still I talk about him 24/7.



“Mark!” she yelled, and I’m quite surprised that even with the heavy thuds of

raindrops and the ear screeching blows of the wind, someone is still able to hear it

when someone calls out his/her name.



He waited for us and I just smiled, I don’t know whether to strangle Eve because of

happiness or just strangle her to death because Mark saw me in this state, obviously

wet with damp hair sticking all over the place.



“Hey.” He said and I just smiled. The heavy rain made the road somewhat flooded

and I know that my cousin is trying her hardest to keep her slippers glued to her

feet, but her attempts are so futile that one of her slippers had been swept out by

the current.



Humiliating as it was but I suddenly wished that it happened to me, Mark hurriedly

bent down to get a hold of the slipper and then slipped it on my cousin’s foot. I

turned scarlet because of jealousy. It was like he is Prince Charming and Eve is

Cinderella.



When we’re able to get a taxi, my cousin just waved goodbye and continued to

venture the storm alone. Mark sat near the driver and I sat at the back, wherein

before he entered the taxi he first opened the door for me.



When we were nearing Gonzales building, I opened my bag to see that I left my

wallet in our dorm! I looked at him and he’s not yet opening his bag, Maybe he’s

expecting that I would offer to pay for the fair. My insides crumble and I feel hot

flames on my cheeks.



What do I do??!? I asked myself. but then fortunately enough he looked at me,

smiled and said, “I got it.” then he fished a hundred peso bill from his pocket and gave it to the driver.



“Let’s split.” I said, hoping and desperately praying that he’ll say it’s ok that I don’t need to pay anything, because obviously I have nothing to give him.



When we reached our classroom every head turned our way, with eyes looking at

the both of us up and down, I ducked my head and hurriedly went to my seat.



“Are you two going out?” I hear Yuri ask to Mark. I waited for his answer, nothing came. I waited about 15 minutes and until our English teacher arrives still there is

no answer.



Every now and then when I consciously forgot to get my pen in my bag I steal

glances to where Mark is seating, until it became a habit, once I caught him looking

at me, or I was just cross eyed to have thought that, but he smiles every time I

catch him looking, now I know the feeling that they said in movies that feeling when

you look at someone and he is already looking at you.



After class that day, the teacher announced that tomorrow night we will be having

our acquaintance party, all of us muttered our excitement, I hope they have dances

there, and I hope Mark would ask me to dance.



Lucky enough, Mark asked me if we can go together since our houses are just a few

meters away, of course I nodded yes.



Acquaintance party came and I am yet again speechless. I wanted to tell him

something. There were so many things I had always thought about to myself and

never wanted to tell anyone before. But I didn’t want to ruin the moment, I didn’t

understand why but it is too nice of a moment to be ruined by something so

irrelevant.



Sadly enough there were no dances, we only sat there and watched as schoolmates

and batch mates perform, dance and sing. I was seated in front Mark, I thought

that I would be so uncomfortable if I seated next to him so I snaked my way

through the row in front of him, he could stop me, but he didn’t.



After the party we were all dead tired, and when we reached the stairs Mark

rushed in front of me and held out his hand. It was then that I got that queer

feeling. Maybe you won’t understand what I mean. You see, I was just standing

there thinking of nothing in particular when suddenly Mark held out his hands,

waiting for mine to take his. I remember the wind blowing very cold on my cheeks.

No one moved or said a word, I just stood there, staring at his hands like an idiot.. I

could feel my thoughts loud in my brain as if they were hoarse whispers. A panicky,

excited pulsing started in my throat. My cheeks were hot. I knew Mark is looking at

me.



I looked at him, finally, after what I thought was eternity and then smiled, “I can

manage.” I said.



He took his hand away and when I managed to go down, I saw him held out his

hand to someone else.

Three





Days, nights, hours, minutes and seconds passed and all the more I became close to

him. I memorized the time when he and I “accidentally” bump into each other on

our way to school. I synchronized my time with his without him knowing. I knew

that by 9:15 he’ll be walking by the junction where our street meets. I know that

by 8:00 he’ll be texting me good morning and I’d reply a little late just so it

wouldn’t feel like I was waiting for his text.



At night I know that by 7:30 he has already eaten while Eve, Macy and I are trying

our hardest to cook something for dinner. And that by 10:00 pm I know I shouldn’t

wait for his reply because he is already sound asleep. That’s how it was the whole

semester, still there are those memories that I wanted to highlight the most.



One hazy day, the last class hour of the day, when all of the students are dying to

go home and rest, we had Algebra. I personally am not good with a+6b =

7x+y stuffs or things like that. The perfect reason that when our Professor in Algebra called onto my name to answer an equation made my eyes blur the first

time I looked at it.



I walked to the board with hands shaking and must’ve been slippery because of

sweat. How the hell would I answer that! I’ll be humiliated! In front of my

classmates and most importantly, in front of Mark. I picked up the chalk and

prayed like crazy that they have brains on their own and that it would answer on

its own. But chalks that move at will only happens in Matilda, and obviously I am

no Matilda, so I racked my brain to find the little folder that stored only one file,

Algebra.



I spent about 5-10 minutes in front of it and when I exhausted every knowledge

that I had, I retreated. Algebra is a battlefield that only geniuses can bear to

fathom. And the next phrase that our Professor said is mildly unbelievable. “Very

Good.” He said.



From then on, I was known as the Math whiz, a title I didn’t know I’d be labeled at

in my whole life! One time when the Professor asked to group us into three,

instinctively those two beside me grabbed my arm and asked me to join them,

when Mark turn around to ask me, I was already seated in a group of three so I just

mouthed my “Sorry.” when all I really want to do is ditch those two and join him

instead.



After that we’re all drained with the equation and our Professor said that we could

pass it as an assignment tomorrow, but the group who finishes it will have extra

points for the upcoming preliminary exams, my two groupmates voiced out their

desperation and asked me to answer it, obviously I can’t. one by one groups are

starting to disperse until only our group was left, we all then gave up it’s nearing 6

pm, I gathered my things slumped my shoulders and sighed, Zarah and Bee must’ve

left, they don’t want waiting long, I guess I’ll be going home alone. When I went out

many of our classmates are still there.



Margie, the one that Mark offered to help to go down the stairs during

Acquaintance party came to me and said, “Your boyfriend is waiting for you.” I

looked at her confused and when I followed her gaze I saw Mark waving at us. I look

at her and for a brief moment I could’ve sworn I saw her eyeballs rotate 360

degrees (if that’s possible).



He waited for me! I told myself that this must be the happiest day of my life, little

did I know that what is about to happen the next day would be so much happier.



After our dance practice in P.E, I immediately gathered my things and went

straight home to my dorm, when I reached our room, I see two empty beds, and

my cousin Eve and Macy left a note saying that they both need to go home for the

weekend. I shrug; I then get my phone and texted Zarah and Bee, and ask what

they’re up to.



Zarah’s reply was short but direct to the point. “Can’t go, Sorry!”



Bee’s was lengthy and full of explanations, “Sorry! can’t go! I thought you’re

spending your time with your dormmates so I made other plans. Please forgive me!

See you on Monday!”



This is the loneliest day of my entire life; I just turned 16 with no one to celebrate

it with. I went to the mall just for the sake of it, when I felt my phone vibrated on

my bag, I didn’t take time to look at it, maybe it’s just Zarah or Bee saying how

sorry they are.



It beeped again, I fumbled through my bag and saw the name of the one who sent

the message, my hands froze in an instant and it took me a good 3 minutes to

breathe normally.



“Hi! Where are you? Want to go out?” it was from Mark.



I don’t know what to do, I’m not prepared, should I go home first? And then I read

the other message from him, “I’m here in S.M. meet me here.” I walk looking at my phone, I don’t know what to do, the background music just makes it even

more “kilig” . The band playing at the ground floor is just perfect. I walked and walked feeling the heat in my cheeks. Where would I meet him? I should go and take

a quick re-touch in the bathroom first.



I was walking so fast that I bumped into someone else. “Opps. Sorry.” I said. When I tried to move past the person I just bumped into, he blocked my way, I tried and

then again he blocked my way, I looked at him ready to fire what violent remarks I

have until I saw who he was.

[For All Of My Life Start Here]



“For all of my life you are the one, I will love you faithfully forever.” That moment is just perfect. I never expected it to happen the way it happened that night, it was

surreal, and the things that I only see in movies are starting to become my

reality. “For all of my life, you are the one. I’d give to you my greatest love.”



He then took something out from his jacket, which happens to be a small box, he

smiled at me, “I didn’t have time to wrap it, I’m supposed to but then I see you

here.” He placed the box in my hand and I was speechless. “Happy Birthday.” He said.



I opened it to see a crystal heart with “Happy Birthday” written at its center, I thought it was downright corny now, but then it was the sweetest thing ever.



“For all of my life.” the singer ended. And for me no birthday that I had, compares to that.



I woke up early the next morning – so early that the first slashes of dawn were just

beginning to be reflected on our dorm room wall. For a long time I lay in a warm,

sleepy haze, looking at the alarm clock and knowing it was too early to get up and

yet not wanting to go back to sleep again.



In the brightness of the morning last night didn’t seem quite real – as if it had been

a movie which I had sat and watched but of which I had not really been a part. I

knew in a few more minutes I’d go and prepare for school, there would be no more

of the exquisite uncertainty of last night, no queer, tingling awe at the newness of

the feeling, and no strange, filling satisfaction out of just being alive. All that was

last night is memorable because Mark is the first guy that did that to me. Not

because he was special – a guy different from others- but just because he’s the first

one.



After a while, maybe after few years when I had had so many dates that most of

them will become hazy, I would think of last night and remember it and that

breathless moment.



What if he is really sweet to every girls, and what if he only did that because it is

obvious that I am alone and sad on my first birthday in college. There is a crack

over in one corner of the ceiling of our dorm room and I found myself unconsciously

lining my thoughts up on either side – the good and the bad. The nice things to

remember and the things that maybe in the sunlight wouldn’t be the same at all.



It might be that he would never call or text me again and I would spend the rest of

my college days lying in bed and trying to repiece that night and wondering where I

could’ve failed. Maybe all my life my heart would jump a little when I saw a tall and

lean guy, whose back I had memorized from afar. Maybe every time I hear the

name Mark I would hold my breath and be afraid to turn around to see who was

there in case it might be he.



I wish now I could’ve said something to him. Something quick and bright with

happiness in it. if I could have said the right things, my whole life might have been

different.

[End Song here.]

Four



Little by little the once giddy feeling I feel every time I’m with Mark turn into

something I cannot quite comprehend. We became closer than ever, texting almost

everyday and night. We go to school together and go home together as well.



Every night I lay down in my bed with a certain hollowness creeping into my very

soul. Nights that have been filled with pleasant dreams turned into ones with

blackness as the main play. No more dreams about what happened the day before

with certain hints of scenes that could’ve happened if I know exactly what to do.

Scrambling at my bed before drifting into nothingness became more frequent and

everyday my roommates would ask me if I slept well that night. I wanted to tell

them, tell them this strange feeling I’m feeling that is all new to me. I wanted them

to know what’s really bothering me but I just can’t.



The next morning I got out of bed without trying to wake anybody up unlike before,

dressed and crept to the kitchen. Just before I went to the kitchen I stopped and

pinched my cheeks to make the muscles relax. Somehow my face felt stiff and

unnatural. I had a strange feeling that when I sat down at the table I might not be

able to eat at all. I might just look at everyone drinking their coffee and eating their

breakfast and then suddenly blurt out foolishly, “I like Mark. And I never knew it

would be like this!”



But it never happened the way I thought it might be. I woke up; after I ate and

took a bath everyone else in the room is still fast asleep. I went out early and went

to school early.



I tried to think of something to counteract that slur. Though I don’t know just what

I expected, I was vaguely disappointed that this was just like any other morning.

The sun was bright in the horizon, the sleepy street is starting to buzz with its

sleepy inhabitants and Mark, while he was waiting for me at the junction, looked

just as calm as he always did. Maybe, I thought, I was wrong about last night, the

night of my birthday and maybe everything is just the same. Maybe it wasn’t –

well, what I thought it was.



But all morning, I was really waiting for him to stop and turn to look at me and

tell me he likes me. But time passes he didn’t even glance at me during classes, I

knew this was not an ordinary day; I knew definitely that everything was not the

same.



That night, while we were silently walking home, he suddenly stops and looks me in

the eyes. Every fiber in my body froze, every cell in brain stopped functioning, and I

felt the whole world around me freeze leaving him and myself the only living

individuals lucky enough to breathe in the cold chill that envelops the place.



In the silence of the night I knew that his voice will be the one to break it, “I like Megan.” He uttered. The world that was once still and unmoving rapidly circled my

mind; I feel my heart pounding fast in my chest as I try to recall what he said. I

thought suddenly that there was some phrase that I missed, but I cannot find it. I

continued to walk alongside him, groping for a sentence that hung in my mind as

empty as space. I could never fill it nor dismissed it. I glanced back at Mark and

remember what he just said, and my mind told me in immovable finality that my

name’s not even Megan.





“I like Megan.”

“I like Megan.”

“I like Megan.”





His words played on and on in my head, everything in me hurts. Every molecule in

my body cursed him with spiteful words, every molecule, except that one who is still

stubborn enough not to let go.



Megan and Mark never happened. I think she never knew that he liked her, Mark is

afraid to confess, that’s what he said, but I think it was because Megan like Carlo

more and Mark’s stupid ego cannot bear to fathom defeat.



I forgave his stupidity that night, there is still time I thought. Time to patch things

up and maybe in the process he’ll notice me as the girl he never notices before.



Finals came and that day that I’ve been dreading to happen never came, rather God

gave me something more inspiring.



I prayed to every saints that I know of, called every angels’ name and even invented

one. I called cupid, the angel of wisdom, the angel of intelligence, the angel of

memory. I call all of them as I try to remember what places does Region 8 consists.

I never really liked history, and our final exam is the hardest. We were ought to fill

the blank map with the correct places, I’m on a roll I can answer it without blinking

but when I reached Region 8 I panicked. Not a single place or city came to my

mind. I looked at the ceiling and stared at the rotating ceiling fan, I felt dizzy. I

looked down and my shoes held no answers. I tried to answer Region 9 but my

mind is blank. I panicked. Many of my classmates are already passing their test

papers; I looked at both sides of me and is relieved that Bee and Zarah hasn’t

passed their papers yet. I called the angel of luck; I think he, himself, ran out of it.



I bowed my head down and placed my pen in my head, I can hear my pen telling

my brain to work when I look up I saw Mark smiling at me.



“Good luck.” he said.



Results came the other day and I was called first. I have the highest score, I

accidentally caught Mark’s gaze and he winked at me, I smiled. He must’ve been my

angel.



Days, hours, minutes and seconds past until the last day of the school semester

came. Our block decided to plan a party. It didn’t happen the way I always expect it

to be, there were no declarations of love, worst he hadn’t talked to me at all that

entire party.



When the party is over we decided to just walk back to our dormitories. Zarah, Bee,

Drake, Mark and I escorted Megan home. I looked at Mark and I see the way he

looks at Megan, if they were alone I think Mark would’ve hugged her. I silently

thanked God that they weren’t.



Mark said his goodbye and Megan hugged Zarah, Bee and me. I suddenly wished

that they were alone so that Mark would not feel this way.



We walk silently on our way home until all that’s left is Bee, Mark and me. Bee

turned in the junction and bid goodbye, I almost cried. I’ll miss Bee the most this

semester break.



Mark sent me home, when we reached the gate he looked at me and smiled.



“Don’t forget to text and update me, okay?”



“I won’t.”



Silence. He just stood there and I stupidly did the same. At one moment there I

thought he would hug me, I silently prayed that he would but the only thing he did

was to take my hand and give it a little squeeze.



Semester break came and I am stuck doing nothing and one bizarre night when I

think Mark has already forgotten about his good friend Bianca I took my phone and

texted him something that can change the course of our lives forever.



"I think I'm starting to like you." my hands are trembling as i hit send as the only thought in my mind screams, "Please say it back.



A queer tired, feeling crept over me and through me until even my hands went

limp. I didn’t even feel like a girl anymore. And all my thoughts turned into little

prayers which I meant so much that it made me ache all over. “Just once.” I kept

saying. “Let him call just once.”





But he didn't.

Five



Somehow when my phone doesn’t ring or beep it seems even more noisily present

than if it is constantly buzzing. As each day went by it became more evident that he

didn’t mean to call. Every time I went into the dining room I could feel my phone

on the corner table where I placed it behind my back, almost as if it were someone

staring at me. if it beeped while I was upstairs and I left it somewhere, I waited,

breathless, praying that footsteps would come and someone would call up, “Bianca,

someone named Mark is calling you.” When I was washing my face in the bathroom I

left the door open just a little so I could hear its ring over the noise of the water

from the faucet. And as the end of the week drew nearer, each ring or beep made

that lump in my throat harder and heavier.



The days of the semester break were filled with monotonous sameness. At first I

tried to make myself feel glad that I was awake and that the morning was beautiful.



It’s almost second semester and I haven’t heard a single word from him, didn’t he

tell me not to forget to update him? Was I supposed to be the only one updating?

Was I supposed to say to him that he should not forget to update me too? What if

he forgets all about me? Or worst, what if he thought I was weird because I told

him I like him.



I raked over that last evening with him carefully looking for a sentence or even a

word that could make him angry, quickly skipping over the parts that were so

lovely that it hurt to remember.



Am I supposed to stand this? Am i supposed to keep my lips moving with small

weekday words when my throat aches with longing and my mind keeps

remembering that once-upon-a-time memories with Mark? It wasn’t fair that

everything was so full of loveliness and remembering so full of everything I wanted. I

wasn’t old enough to have to stand all this.



The last night of vacation came and here I am, lying in my bed, back in our

dormitory, I thought and thought so long that every thought in my head turned

into a little prayer, and the longing seemed to suck all other ideas from my head

until the whole bed, the whole darkness of the room was keeping time to the words

that beat and beat in my head. Through the window the night breezes came with

the smell of something nice and my prayers went on and on, ends linked to

beginnings in an endless chain, till my thoughts were a steady chant of “Let him

call, let him call!” and I kept saying it, again and again, even after I shut my eyes.



I woke up to realize that this is the morning where I get to see him again, it is our

enrollment day. I looked at my phone and my hands trembled when I saw that I

have one unread message.



HEY!!! So excited to see you! Come early so we could still have some time to enjoy

our last days of freedom! –Bee



I smiled what if I see him today? Will he ask me how my vacation went? Will I

answer him with, “I waited for your message?” Will he tell me that his phone was snatched and for some acceptable reasons he didn’t get to memorize my number?

Will I tell him that it’s ok? That I’ve been busy enough not to be able to notice?

What if he asks me about the message he received that day when I told him I like

him? Will I just pretend to die out of shame because of that?



My mind was filled with empty thoughts of how I’m going to face him, of little

things that could’ve happened if ever I came across his path. In my head were mini

movies on how I’ll react for some possible things that he can ask me, and I can help

but smile every time I think of the possibility that he’s just waiting to talk to me in

person and tell me that he likes me too.



His thoughts occupied me and made my temper a whole lot longer while I was busy

waiting in line for the enrollment. i am all enrolled and ready for the next semester

when I noticed that I haven’t seen him yet.



I looked everywhere for him, but there was no sign until finally I received a message

from him.



“I just finished step 2 and they said our block is already full. I was transferred to

another block.”



We were not classmates that semester and I can pretty much tell you that nothing

really happened that semester.



Once in a while I would go out of our classroom to take a look at his classroom, I

caught a glimpse of him every now and then but I was too weak to even smile.

What he did to me was so unbearable that I couldn’t even look at him in the eye. I

was hurt. And I was wishing that somehow he felt that too.



My mind tells me that all that’s happened that semester is completely lost and gone

with the wind. But when he texted me that night asking me how I was, I knew that

I was only fooling myself. Call me crazy, but from then on I realized that everything

he did everything that he did wrong and everything that he will do will always be

okay. I had given him the power to hurt me, I surrendered to that, and that it is

okay.



We became close again though we hadn’t had the chance to talk face-to-face, there

were times when he would say that he needed tutoring in Statistics and he would

go to our dormitory or we’ll both go to the library and there I would tutor him.



Oftentimes he would text me and asks me if he could photocopy my notes in certain

subjects where we have the same professors. I’d give it to him and in those times he

would ask me if I can accompany him and I would.



There was one time when he asked me if I could join him research something for

public speaking and I did, he made a speech about mixing different cocktails while I

made something about hotels made from ice.



All the little things we do together became my only thought at night and little by

little I find myself remembering everything that happened ever since I met him.



I wanted so badly to cry with this strange emotion that I’m feeling. Not big, loud

sobs, but just sit by myself without making any noise and let the tears trickle slowly

and silently without my having to stop them. I tried to force my mind back, back to

the time before I knew Mark; but it kept puttering with little memories on the way

and I could get past that night of my 16th birthday. Pictures kept see-sawing

before my eyes till I was sick with unhappiness and confusion and my heart felt sore

as bruise.





And then I finally surrendered.





I still love him.



Six



There was nothing special about second year. I waited a year to make Mark realize

that I am the one but days passed until finally we are now uncertain if we’re going

to make it to third year.



Unlike my first year in college, second year was something that I cannot remember

anything about. Except those few moments where Mark would tell me to tutor him

in Physics or even Statistics. We texted day and night, we meet once in a while but I

admit I cannot remember it all.



The end of second year means the start of hell day in our school, it is the time

where fate tells you if you’ll be able to graduate at the school you worked your butt

off for about two years or you choose another school where you can continue your

so-called path to your profession.



Quota was the dreaded topic when you reach second year, you have to push harder

and aim higher to be able to get through. Teachers are beginning to start counseling

all students that if ever one cannot pass through quota it is still not the end of their

dreams. I think not. For me we are too young to experience that kind of rejection,

but still we choose to continue on all throughout second year, we have to face it no

matter what.



When I was at home and Zarah told me that cards are already being released, I

asked my parents if I can go on my own to get it.



While on the bus I held the rosary tight in my hands, I’m beginning to tremble

because our Professor in Physics is hell, and if ever he failed me in that subject then

my dream, well my parent’s dream of me becoming a nurse will just go down the

drain. Plus I fear rejection so much that if I ever failed in that subject I think I

would just die. I held the rosary tight in my hands and constantly prayed until I felt

my phone vibrate in my bag.



I never thought of him all throughout that day until I saw who sent me the message

and I think you know who I meant.



“Where are you? Let’s get our report cards together ok?” my hands trembled and I

almost dropped my phone as I keyed in “Sure.”



When I reached school the rosary is still in my hands I saw Mark and we made our

way through the line. In my head there’s only one prayer that’s been going on and

on, and how strangely enough that even at this situation I’m still able to think of his

wellbeing. My constant prayer that day was, “please let me pass all my subjects, and

Mark’s as well. Please pass us, and if I wasn’t able to pass it all please make it sure

that Mark makes it to the quota.” I repeated that same prayer over and over again, and I’m telling you this because it is the truth. I am not even lying.



I am in depth in praying when Mark said, “Look who’s in front of you.”



I look up to see Jan talking to some girl whose name I don’t recall and he keeps on

glancing at us.



Jan was my suitor during my first year in college, second semester. Mark and I

aren’t classmates then, but still he says he sees us and hears gossips about Jan

courting me.



I never really liked Jan, I only see him as a friend and that was that. I didn’t know

he’s already courting me but when he tried to hold my hand one night when he

brought me home I knew that things will not end up right.



Jan then asked me if he could court me, which I think is really a stupid question. If I

said yes, then he might think that he has the chance and if I don’t say yes in the

end he’ll think that I just gave him false hopes. When he asked me if he wanted to

court me I said no.



And after that he told almost all his close friends that I was giving him hints that I

like him and that I gave him false hopes after that day I never talked to him, ever

again.



I looked at Mark and I rolled my eyes, “As if.”



“Should I call him and stay here instead?” he kidded. I punched him and he laughs, until we’re nearing the door where our report cards are issued. I asked him to go

first, and in that moment I knew that he is dead nervous. The rosary that’s been

clutched in my hands for about five hours felt like it is beating in my hands, I took

it off and then pushed it to him, “it’s all sweaty, but I seriously think that it has

given me so much luck.”



He smiled, “but I may not be able to give it back to you right away.”



“That’s ok, I held it for hours, I think it has given me all the luck that it can give me.” he smiled and then entered the room. I went after him. I didn’t open my

report card until I saw him waiting for me in one corner. My heart beats loudly in

my chest.



When he saw me he smiled. "I passed them all." That’s when I raised my hand to open the crumpled paper in my hand, I located Physics first and I got an 84.



We both passed everything, we didn’t have time to eat after that for we were both

excited to go home and tell our parents that we might just be lucky enough to get

through the quota.



I can’t even tell you quite how it happened. I mean, it was the sort of thing that

happens so fast that you can’t even piece it together again afterward. It was when

we reached the bus and he took my hand to place the rosary that I lent him that

day, “Thank you.” He said. “You are indeed my lucky charm.”





Days passed and I can’t even think about Mark anymore, days ended, and the night

always signals that anytime of the day results of our quota will come. The quota’s

rule is for the 1,500 students enrolled in nursing, you should be at least at the top

500 to be able to get in. Grades are the only thing that matters, I reevaluated and

counted my weighted average.



One night Mark texted me and told me that results will come the next morning, we

texted about what ifs and that if ever one of us can’t make it we’ll still be friends no

matter what. Mark didn’t thought that that night I asked God, to give me a sign,

that if both of us will pass the quota then we had a chance to prove to Him that we

both belong together.



Dawn came and I’m restless,



"Let’s sleep."



"I can’t. the thought of quota is still haunting me."



"Do you want me to sing you a lullaby?"



I smiled at his reply and I replied, “sure, wait! I might get nightmares.”



“haha! Just think about that night when we we’re crazy in the videoke with Bee and

Dean. I’m crazy for you. Touch me once and you’ll know it’s true. I’ve never wanted

anyone like this it so brand new, you’ll feel it in my kiss. I’m crazy for you.”



The moment I opened my eyes, the sun is already glaring at my window, I look at

my phone to see Mark’s “lullaby” and I smiled, and then I noticed two unread

messages.





I opened Mark first and it said.





“I passed the quota!!!! Someone texted me!!!!! should I ask if you did?”





My whole body trembled as I prayed that the other unread message is from some

random friend who is going to tell me that I passed the quota as well.





And it was.





And the thought in my mind became as warm and mellow as the sunlight. How

odd, I thought. How wonderfully, wonderfully odd that God indeed hears my

prayers.



Seven



Third year was the most promising year of my entire college days, though many

wonderful things happened to me that year sad things always come along. And

never will I forget the only guy who saved me from being so helplessly broken,

though his name is not Mark.



I cannot remember the time when Dan and I met, I cannot remember how he and I

first talked. I cannot recall how he and I were introduced. The only thing I can

clearly remember is I had the biggest crush on him when we were in second year, I

texted him once and that was that. I don’t remember clearly how it suddenly began

to be us. I can’t simply remember because he isn’t Mark, as simple as that.



Dan saved me a million times, he might not know it, but he did. He saved me from

Mark and in that time, that is the only thing that I’ve ever needed, to be saved

without asking someone to save me.



Dan saved me when during our practice for capping he tugged my hair and he

constantly made fun of me.



“You are my Yaya. Have you washed the dishes already? Why are you here?” he said

joking.



Our uniform was like that of a maid, it is color pink and has an apron on it. During

second year Mark calls me Majinbu while I call him Picolo, too much Dragon ball I

think. But this isn’t really about him.



I slapped Dan’s arm and retorted, “Where did you park my BMW?! If that gets

stolen you are so fired!”



“Come here you.” He said as he grabbed my shoulders and placed his arms

comfortably on it. He then pointed at something at the opposite direction, “Can you

see that?”



I narrowed my eyes to see what it was, but I can’t see a thing. “What”



“There” he said pointing vaguely at an empty space, his arms still resting

comfortably on my shoulders.



“There is nothing there.” I said and when I looked at him, his pointing finger

touched my face and he laughed and said, “One point.”



I laughed and he did, and instinctively my eyes fell at the upper bleachers and I saw

Mark, looking at us. I didn’t even removed Dan’s arms on my shoulders that day. I

didn’t, for I wanted Mark to hurt like I did.



Mark then noticed that I was looking at him, he waved his hand at me and I

stupidly did the same, he smiled and mouthed “Majinbu.” I laughed, one word, I

thought, only one word. That’s all it takes for me to forget those thousands of

happy times that I’ve been with Dan, and I cringed at that realization.



Our capping ceremony came and I still carry that secret joke Mark and I shared

during practice. When the ceremony ended I tried to find Mark amongst the

hundreds of students just to wish him congratulations. I pleaded to God to let me

find him, to hug him for the first time in two years that we’ve been “best friends” . I didn’t found him that night, I found Dan, instead.



Dan and I are classmates, we sit together during class hours, we go to the canteen

together during break time and we eat together during lunch.



Then one day, out of nowhere, he held my hand and then looked at me straight in

the eyes. We just finished lunch and are heading back to school, when he just

stopped and took my hands. I cannot remember well, because I still honestly hope

that it was Mark instead.



“Bianky.” He started his voice unsteady. “Will you be mine?” I knew this is coming, but I never expected that it would be that soon. I didn’t know what to say, we’ve

been friends ever since summer started, ever since first day of our third year. I am

speechless and I cannot even find the right words to tell him that I still love Mark. I

can’t I said to myself. I can’t hurt Dan like that, he saved me from being lonely, and

he had given me the things I’ve been praying Mark would give me.



I can’t just dismiss him without giving him the chance, the chance to prove myself

that I can still love another. Still I can’t find the words to tell him, I don’t want to

say yes, oddly and confusing enough, I just wanted to say “I want to give you

chance.” But that would sound awful, about 10 minutes we stood there at the school’s main gate, not even the sweetest place to be when being asked by something

as sweet as this, I stared back at his eyes, seeing his sincerity. I smiled, and I think

he knew what it meant.



Start featured song here:Wish.



Rumor has it that Mark is already going out with someone on their block, he is not

constantly texting me now the way we did before, still I heard rumors.



Her name is Scarlet Sy, students don’t actually like her, I don’t know why, Mark’s

block mates don’t want her for him either, yet he still wanted to go out with her.

At that moment I envied Scarlet Sy, I envied every fiber in her body because Mark

is fighting against all odds for Scarlet Sy, and I just wanted to be her, even just for

a second.



I was afraid to ask Mark if ever it is true. So I asked Zarah to meet me one night,

just to subtly ask her about Mark.



“Hi Bianx! It seems like I haven’t seen you in ages!” she said.



“I know.” I said, my mind feeling for the easy, noncommittal words.



“What have you been doing? I heard that you’ve been dating Dan for almost a week

now.” She went on, and I told her nothing, nothing at all except the usual things that Dan and I had been doing.



”oh. And you know what, I heard that Mark…” her voice trailed off a little.



Go on. Go on. What about Mark? Are the rumors true? Is he dating Scarlet Sy? Tell

me. Please tell me and don’t make me ask, my mind said, but the words from my

mouth came with slow unconcern, “I heard.”



The next words I seemed to see rather than hear, as if they come out, black and

magnifying before my eyes, “I suppose,” Zarah said simply, “I suppose you know that Mark has been dating Scarlet Sy again? He and Scarlet went out before but it

didn’t work out so…” she knew I hadn’t known, she knew. But how else could it be

said?



For over a week, she told me. Ever since that time I had gone out with Dan. Almost

every night since then. To yellowcab and to our school. Scarlet Sy had told all the

girls she was going out with Mark again. Scarlet Sy, had told everyone. After all, it

had been… well… over a week.



I was glad Zarah kept talking for I wasn’t sure of my own voice then. Those minutes

in front of her were so long I couldn’t even remember ever having talked before.



After talking to Zarah I went straight to my room, ever since I passed the quota,

my parents told me that it is best to have a room on my own and I was glad I did.

Because what I did next is the most stupid thing I could’ve done in my entire

existence of liking and loving Mark.



I grabbed my phone, keyed in his number and without even thinking called him.



“Hello?” he answered.



“Hey.” I said, “How are you?”



“Fine. You?”



“Fine.” And then there was nothing but silence.



I cleared my throat, “I heard that you are gong out with someone.” I said as

cheerfully as I possibly could.



“Yes.” He answered back.





“Why didn’t you tell me?” I said, trying my hardest to lie to myself that I am okay.





“Because…” he trailed off, “I don’t want to hurt you. You are with Dan now…” I cannot find my voice to answer back that I am not at least hurt, but I have been

lying all the time to him, and I can’t lie anymore. “I really, really like her.”





I smiled despite of the tears forming in my eyes, I tried to sound of a laugh but it

came too awkward. I hear his breathing on the other line and I knew that I should

let him go.





“It’s okay. I’m done.” I said, then pressed the red button to end the call, I

remembered that night, that night when I stupidly cried myself to sleep.





End Song Here.

Eight



For quite some time Dan has been my sanctuary whenever I feel sad, he filled my

days with simple yet happy memories that are enough to bury what I feel with

Mark. Not completely forget about it, because that would be impossible.



I know at that time that it was wrong to use Dan just to cover up the pain, but

what else can I do, I was desperate and I sacrificed everything just for the sake of

feeling some selfish kind of happiness.



Dan walked me home everyday, accompanies me to the mall whenever I’m bored,

and makes me laugh when he notices that something is bothering me. Dan was

everything I wanted Mark to be, the only thing is, he isn’t Mark at all.



Still Dan did everything for me, so I decided to bury Mark in my thoughts.



One thing I’ll never forget was when during Valentines Day Dan surprised me twice,

Valentines Day and the day after that.



Never in my entire college life had I received something for Valentines, not until I

met Dan. We are having our clinical duty then and it didn’t start very well at that.

I yearned for lunch time to come, signaling a 30 minute break and at least 3 hours

of yet another excruciating battle with our Clinical Instructor.



Lunch came and half of our group including I, went downstairs to the locker room

to get our lunches. When I opened my locker I saw a test tube filled with pink and

blue sand, and a letter rolled inside as if it mimics a message in a bottle.



I pulled out the cork to see what he wrote, and there I saw his sloppy handwriting.



Bianx,



Happy Valentines Day. Will you go out with me this Saturday? If yes, please do text

me your answer. I care about you. Now and Forever.

Dan



I looked at the last word that Dan wrote, forever. Something in my heart tells me

not to believe in that word, because I know, I just know, that I can spend forever

with Dan.



Saturday came and we spent the whole day together. He gave me a single pink rose

and cruised along the roads of Baguio. It was fun, but I knew in my heart that I was

only hurting him. I need to stop this, my selfishness must end here.



Months came and i still didn’t have the courage to let Dan go. I can’t, the thought of

being alone while Mark is happy is killing me. So I put up with him for awhile.



But my conscience is stronger than my wants.



One night I asked Dan to meet me, and it was indeed hard to let him go, he has

been my savior for quite sometime and I learned to care about him as well.



“I like someone else.” I started. The words came out a struggle.



He touched my hand and brushed it for a while, “I know that.”



“But why did you let me use you?”



“I don’t want to see you sad.”



No single tear formed my eyes that night, but my heart seems like it is being

crushed in my chest.



“I’m so sorry.”



He raised my head and made me look at him, “It’s ok. I made myself do it.

Friends?”



Something around us moved, making some silent distant noise. The silence of the

night seemed loudly with the rustle of the trees. Something in me was suddenly

alive. It was something new, something I had only felt in the last few days. It was

warm, strange and beating and I wasn’t even sure what the feeling meant. And

somehow I was afraid to know.



“We’d better go Dan.?” I said quietly “Please.” And I tried to keep my thoughts out of my words as I said it.



I had been so happy myself for the past few days that I hadn’t had time to notice.

But that night I realized something in both Dan and I had changed. I had to admit

that I was happy with Dan, and somehow it pains me to see him go.



I was happy.





For a while.

Nine



One night when I was in third year I received a message from Mark asking how I

was. Dan and I have broken up about a week from then so I can’t simply tell him

that. I still want him to bury the idea that I am in love with someone else when in

fact it’s always been him all along.



I told him I was fine. And then he told me about the problems concerning him and

Scarlet Sy, most of his friends who knew Scarlet Sy didn’t want Mark to date her. I

didn’t know why, still I never asked.



Then before I knew it I was texting him about his feelings for me. “Do you have any

feelings for me?” I asked.



I didn’t quite remember what and how I felt that night, only his reply was the one

worth remembering.



“Yes.” He said.



I was quite thrilled with what he said that I can’t simply reply at all, I was with my

groupmates and they saw how happy I was that night, only to be heartbroken one

minute later.



“I didn’t mean it the way you understood. We’re friends, and I like you. But you

have Dan, and I have Scarlet, it’s better off like this. I don’t want to hurt other

people.”



I felt dizzy by his reply, I suddenly held onto a chair to balance my gait. What just

happened there?



A slow thought eased myself into my mind and grew and grew until I knew it was

the truth. I knew it as certainly as if I had read it printed in the paper. Just

thinking made my heart hurt with a throbbing ache till I felt that it would ease it if

I could hold it for a moment, with its pulsing ache, in the warmth of my hands. I

knew, and the palms of my hands tingled with desire just to touch him, and

thinking of it made my breath feel dry in my throat. I knew then there was no use

pretending or trying to silence and could my memory with forced thoughts.

Sometime, sometime I need to see Mark again and I knew it.



Jane, one of my groupmates, came to me and asked me what happened and I told

her.



She told me that what I did with Dan and with myself is wrong. That hurting as

much as I did with a guy like Mark is not even worth it. she told me things that

hurt and I know half of them are true. But I still choose not to believe in it.



“You weren’t nice to him Jane. You weren’t rude to him but you weren’t nice to

him, either, none of you. None of you understood him that was all.” There was no

resentment, no bitterness. It was just something I wanted to say out of the thought

of having to protect him.



But it couldn’t end as soundlessly and as painlessly as all of these had begun – that I

knew. All the days and nights and warm weeks of sunshine couldn’t fade away into

nothingness like whispers as soon as they were spoken. They were too full for that.

There was too much behind it. Even as I counted those last hours I knew that

something had to happen. I didn’t know what it would be but I knew it would come

– somehow.





Ten



Time comes and passes so fast we didn’t know that some things in our lives are

nearing at its end. That night when Jane lectured me about Mark ended the way I

didn’t expected it to end. Mark texted Jane that he can’t live without me, and I was

a fool to believe in that.



I was already in my fourth year in college when I’ve come to realize that all these

years I had lived in the shadow of Mark, still I was afraid that if I choose to move on

I’ll hurt so much that the pain would just kill me.



And then things happened in different ways we can’t explain. February 14, 2009,

when I was sick and almost dying in my bed. Mark asked Jannina, someone in their

group to be his girlfriend.



We still go out, just the two of us and it made Jannina very jealous. That’s when

bad news about me began to spread. Second semester. Fourth year. Just when I was

about to abandon all this craziness, Jannina spread the news that I had been

snaking Mark away from her. That I had been plotting some sneaky schemes just to

make her and Mark break up.



The thought of it was absurd, yet having to be stared at and whispered about was

hard. I’m graduating in college, I’ll be reviewing for the local boards, I’ll be taking an exam that I’ve been preparing for, for the past few years and here she was

spreading some stupid scandal about me.



Whenever she and Mark fight I’m always the one to blame. I started avoiding Mark

but he gets angry at me, saying that he can abandon a relationship just to make me

stay. He made me believed in that.



So when Jannina asked me if I was willing to go and talk to her I willingly obliged.

Just to clear things up between me and her. she then told me that Mark is only

using me to make her jealous, that those times when I thought I didn’t know that

she knows that Mark and I are together are planned by him. And then she started

crying and telling me that at that time she needed refuge and that she had been

drinking with some guys and had actually kissed one when she was so drank with

depression. She pleaded not to tell Mark anything.



After our confrontation I went to see Mark, I didn’t tell him a thing about what

Jannina and I talked about but I made him subtly choose. And he said that come

tomorrow morning he will break up with her.



It never happened, after that night Mark texted me and told me that he had fixed

everything between him and Jannina and that he told Jannina that she had

nothing to blame on me his exact words I can remember clearly, it’s as if it was

screaming in my head like some wake up call. “Ok na. Kami na ulit. Pinagtanggol

kita.”



That’s the time that I realized to let him go. That it is time for me to put myself

first because obviously he had already chosen her.



I learned things from him that I never knew before. Lots of things – I know what it

means when people are really happy, when they are really alive. My friends feel

sorry for me – but I don’t care. I saw him lots of times when none of them even

knew I was out with him. I can’t count how many times I’ve been with him, it’s been

so many. They will never know all the things we talked about and all the things he

said. I know everything about him. They didn’t know he liked me. And no matter

what ever happens. No matter what ever happens. No matter what everyone thinks

and whether I ever see him again – I’m not sorry. I don’t regret a thing.



I lay in my bed wondering sadly how long – how many days and nights – it would

take me to forget about Mark. How long before I could listen to soft music on the

radio and be able to face the shining sun without him coming into my mind. It

would take a very long time. It would take me a very long time.





Epilogue


Five years after




In the morning the sky was dazzling blue with clean, white puffs of clouds scattered

high over it. There was something brightly expectant about the morning as if the

sun had been up for hours and hours just waiting for the rest of the world to wake

up.



It is my 25th summer on earth, 17 years of it I had lived without Mark, four years

that I had been hopelessly in love with him and five of it when I finally chose myself

over him for some reasons.



I sat at the back of the benches having to witness Mark and a veiled bride

exchanging vows. The ceremony ended and they faced us as husband and wife. He

never knew that I was there, yet I swear he stared at my direction for quite

sometime until he surrendered on having to think where he could’ve met me. They

walked along the aisle hand by hand, with silly grins on their faces acting like fools

in love.



I could not help wishing that there wasn’t so much sadness in growing up. It was all

so confused in my mind. There had been long, long days of being young and not

wondering about tomorrow at all and thinking in a strange, forgotten child’s world.

There were days when my thoughts were as mild as feathers and even an hour

seemed like a long time. Then suddenly it was like turning a sharp corner – you

were older and the things that counted when you were young didn’t count anymore

at all, and looking back, you couldn’t even see them. Growing up crowds your mind

with new thoughts and new feelings so that you forget how you used to think and

feel.



I walked out of the church and waited at the waiting shed for a bus to come and

take me so that I can venture the world with the new me, the me who wasn’t

burden with so much sadness just because of Mark. I welcomed the me that I was

before I met Mark. I feel so light again.





I sat by the window and the bus started to move pass by. And I saw it all glide past

me, lopped off by fence posts, and I felt myself feel light inside with a quite

happiness. And now I knew suddenly that it could come and could come forever,

slipping by in the breath of the moment, and yet never again would there ever be

anything quite as wonderful as having to fulfill a wish the time I asked about it

when the clock strikes 11:11.





~Fin





