“As of December 16, 2010 Mara Clarisse Ferrer is officially single 










AGAIN.”


Quote
“Just wait and the right man will come your way” Belle, my tipsy best friend said.

Quote
“Seriously, do we need to talk about this over and over again? Upakan ko nalang ano?” Anton, the frank-but-over-protective-always-there-for-me-when-i-need-money-bestfriend said.

Quote
“I can be your prince” my believed-to-be-soulmate said on one of his commercials. Oh my, Zephiel.. Can you be mine? Please? I know you’re better than them!


Maganda naman ako. Nay, bakit?! 



Hindi naman ako bad breath. Then why is it that during the 19 years of my existence, wala parin akong first kiss?      

Prologue


Belle dragged me inside her condo unit and throw me in the couch. My eyes were half open.

“Stop it, you’re not drunk anymore. ” Belle pulled my hair and I have no choice but to act normal again .

“Okay! I’m not.” I said while holding the strands of hair my lovable best friend pulled.

“What’s this all about Ferrer?. You’ve been acting wild.” She sat next to me.

“E kasi..*sniff* si Mark..”

“Oh?? You two broke up because of another girl? My gosh Mara, panlima mo nang boyfriend yan at ganyan din ang ginawa sayo. Hindi kana natuto.”

I started crying like a calf. My heart, my feelings, my PRIDE!!. She covered my mouth immediately.

“What do you think you’re doing?!Do you want to wake up the whole building?”

“E kasi..”

“Kasi??” I can see her big round eyes getting larger because of annoyance. 

“He..is  Gay ;( ”

Her expression, priceless.

Who would think that an MVP, typical heart throb  Mark Ramirez is GAY? 

I saw how her forehead creased and her eyebrows almost collide, perhaps she’s in deep thought of something.

“So, the proposal thingy in front of the crowd was just a scheme to cover his true identity. And the dinner he set you up--”

“Woah. Talking about feelings dear.”

“Oopps. Sorry.. But hey, that’s life..He’s not meant for you.”

“Then who??”

“are you seriously asking me that question?. Alam mo you have this attitude.”

“Ano naman yun” 

“You lack patience. After a month or 2 you will start flirting again and then pooof! There goes my best friend with another man again. Mara, love takes time.”

Okay. She got me speechless.

“Tagos ba Mars? If you plan to be awake the whole night, then do it.”

She walked towards her room. I followed her and lie down her bed first before she could.

“Belle magbabago nako promise.”

She seemed puzzled and surprised.

“Now I believe you’re drunk”

“I’m not!” I throw her a pillow.

Yes, I’m not. I’m serious and I promise to be wiser than ever. 
Chapter 1

Belle’s POV

Mara had been staying with me for about a week and it’s been two months since that issue happened. You know, the ‘Mark-is-gay’ thingy that Mara had been crying and blabbing about every night. This means, a nonstop giving-advice-session and countless words of insecurities coming from her mouth. It was really surprising that Mark is one of the girls, there was no trace, no evidence..Even Anton never felt something wrong.

“Belle!!!!” She opened the door of my room and started screaming like a wild fan in a concert. Man, it almost broke my eardrum.

“Hey!! Stop it!” I threw her a pillow and glared.

“Omygosh Belle..Omygosh!!!” I noticed that her face was red as a sign of an adrenaline rush. I’ve never seen her like this since her latest break up.

“And??”I can sense that this would be a long conversation so I got my coffee and took a sip (Needless to say, I’m a certified coffee addict) 

“I’m inlove!!” I almost spilled the coffee from my mouth which I am lucky though than spilling it from my nose.

“Ano??!!” Of all the things she could have thought of doing, I think falling in love at this rate would be the least thing I expected her to do so. I preferred to listen at her explanations so I stared at her and said nothing while I put the cup of coffee on the center table.

“hmmm. Tara sa room ko.” She dragged me outside, giving me no chance to even put on my slippers.

“Woah, he’s inside your room??” she smiled so wide, I could even see all of her teeth.

“TADAAAA!!” she opened her room and pulled me inside.

Now,    


Who


The 


Hell


Is


He??   

I narrowed my eyes trying to scan every detail of this guy she had been going crazy about.

“Meet Zephiel Augusto” 

Wow. Zephiels? On my right is Zephiel  with eyeglasses, holding a book. On my left is Zephiel holding a bouquet of flowers. Zephiel sipping a cup of coffee is attached at the wall in front of me (which I found very cute). She even has a life size Zephiel beside her bed.

“Uhh. So, Zephiel huh??” were the only words I managed to say.

“Haha. You don’t know him right?.” I nodded while my mouth was half-open.

“Umm-kay. This is Zephiel Augusto, a model, actor and singer. A talent of ABS and has done 4 movies, 2 of them with Hollywood actresses. Favorite color? Blue. Sports? Golf and basketball. O, I forgot about..”

And we spend the night talking how macho and gorgeous, her newly found love is..



Anton’s POV

I immediately went to Belle after I saw her walked inside the library. I sat next to her and saw tons of books on the table.

“Sipag ahh.”

“Wrong timing ka. She’s now at araneta. Probably screaming like hell”

“Wait. Am I missing something??” She grinned and closed the book she was about to read.

“Zephiel Augusto..Do you know him?” 

“Sounds familiar..”

“He’s a model, actor and singer and the one that Mara believes to be her soul mate blablabla”

“Pakiulit?”

“sorry hindi ako unlimited e. Threatened ba?” she said sarcastically.

“Why would I?” 

“Ewan ko sayo. Ang bagal mo e. You were ahead of Mark in the first place but you let him win.”

Like any other stories you have encountered, I love Mara for 2 years, which is probably the reason why I chose to be close with them. Hanep strategy no? pero olats parin.

“Torpe kase ayan, nainlove tuloy sa isang bading. Confess your feelings before that crazy girl decides to be a nun”

“Ha? She thought of being a nun?”

“You heard it right, ‘Belle, magmamadre nalang ako..tutal mukhang wala naman atang seseryoso sakin e’” I smiled while she imitated Mara.

“Don’t worry, I’m on my way”

“Wait. I’m not saying that you should start literary at this time of her life. 2 months isn’t enough so just make her feel like you’re always there for her and learn to give a possessive look when you see guys looking at Mara. I’ll support you”

“Wow. Alam mo I feel like hugging you” Ofcourse I don’t. You know JOKES right?

“weh Anton.”

Chapter 2


Mara’s POV

Quote
I found myself walking in a place where only fog and some sort of clouds are the only things I could see. It was cold and the wind blows as if trying to whisper me something.

“Wala kang kwenta!” I heard a voice followed by a scream of a man crying in pain and the sound of a stick being whacked to someone.

I started running towards the voice but every step I take makes me feel that gravity pulls me down even more. 

“aahhhhh!!” Little by little, the place becomes vivid and that’s when a figure of a man materialized.

I saw him holding a large stick. He wears white and what amazed me even more is the pair of wings attached on his back. That’s when I realized I have wings too.

“Who are you?” He turned to face me but I was stunned by his demonic eyes. The face I thought was angelic, now a face full of anger, hate and possession.

I can’t move an inch as I stare in his eyes. Until, I noticed someone lying behind him.

“Run..” He uttered to say as he struggled to stand. Unfortunately, I can’t see his face clearly so I ran towards him but the demon caught my hand and pushed me away from him.

“No!!!” he was about to hit the man again but I use all my strength to run as fast as I could to cover the weak man. The feeling was weird but, all I know is, I have to protect him from the demon, I thought was a good.


“Mara!” Belle was waving her hand in front of my face.

“O?? ”

“Wow. So that’s the effect of Zephiel’s charm on you. You seemed like an idiot a while ago. San napunta imagination mo? Pluto?”

“Woi Belle, what’s with the rolling of eyes?” Anton said while holding a tray full of snacks.
Geez. I almost forgot we’re inside the canteen.

“Why don’t you ask this girl. Kanina pang nalipad ang utak”

“Gutom lang yan. Let’s eat”

“This is not about Zephiel” I said to Belle with her mouth full of nachos.

“O? E sino?” Anton said curiously.

“An angel” I smiled as I recall how I protect the weak creature in my dreams.

“Woah. Don’t tell me you’re—

“I’m not! And please, I’ve had enough of Mark so I realized I just have to enjoy my life as a single, happy-go-lucky girl” 


I mean it okay?! I've been inlove with five men in the past, two of them preferred to be just friends  with me and the three including Mark preferred to be 'serious'.

“Uhh. sure na yan?”

“Yup. Bakit may plano kang manligaw??” I joked but Belle almost spit all her nachos in my face

“Yuck!!Do you know jokes Belle??!” How disgusting this girl can be.    

“Sorry! Haha. I uhh..just can’t picture Anton and uhhh..you..haha..you know” Now, why do I have the feeling that this girl hides something. 

“Yeah right Belle.” Anton said with a bit of sarcasm.

“So, about the angel..go” Belle continue eating while Anton drank his orange juice.

“Uhm, It was just a dream but every scene made me feel like it was true.”

“I know right! Alam mo naexperience ko na rin yan nung—

“Hey, shut up. I’m more interested about the angel so let her finish” Anton covered Belle’s mouth.

“O sige. So ayun, there was this demon beating my angel with a stick. Mind you, the demon has wings. He was about to hit my angel again with the stick but I immediately ran to cover and protect him”

“And?? Anong itsura nung angel at demon slash angel?”

“The demon’s face was so scary. Pero nakakainis kasi, hindi ko na matandaan yung istura nung angel.”    

“Nye. Interpret natin.”

“Sure!”

“Hmm. So, the demon/angel is someone close to you”

“Pano mo nasabi?”

“Because he didn’t hit you with the stick”

“Oo nga no”

“And that man is good but has a dark secret which is damn bad”

“Talaga??Now, Who could that traitor be”

“Uhm. Aalis nako. I’m gonna be late for my next class”

He immediately went outside the canteen.

“Is he okay? He looked pale”

Belle shrugged.

Weird!    

Chapter 3

Belle’s POV

“Belle wake up!!” Mara turned on the lights of my room and jumped wildly on my bed.

“Goodness Mara. It’s 4 am!!” Fortunately, she decided to stop jumping.

“Have you seen my necklace??” 

“You woke me up for a necklace??” 

“It’s not just a necklace! Galing pa yun sa lola ko sa-

She started counting with her fingers like a 5th grade solving a math problem “Lola ko sa talampakan!”

Ahh..si Granny. Sumalangit nawa. She was the one to give Mara her name. And also the necklace.

“Alam mo, It’s a good thing I was born with a lot of patience kung hindi kanina pa kita nasapak”

“Sorry” she pouted and was about to leave my room. But as what I’ve said earlier. I’m a child born with tons of patience.

“I saw you wearing that necklace before Zephiel’s concert. Maybe you dropped it there, somewhere in Araneta.”

“You think?”

I shrugged. She turned off the lights and closed the door. Asan na nga ba ako sa panaginip ko? Now, I’m going back to sleep. 


*insert sounds of boxes falling down the floor*


Or so I think.

“What’s with the noise?!!” It was coming from her room, a wall away. 

“Sorry!! I was just cleaning my room. Maybe I misplaced it somewhere here. Did it bother you??”

“Gags! Kanina pa. Magpatulog ka nga!”

I closed my eyes and ready to fall asleep again but.


“Hello!! I’m ringing!! Ring!! Ring!! Ring!! Is anybody ever gonna pick me up??!! Ring!! ”

Putragis na cellphone oh. What a GOOD morning!   

“Hello.”

“Sorry. Did I disturb you?” Bwisit. Si Anton.

“Alin? Yung pagtawag mo ng 4am ng madaling araw? ” I said sarcastically.

“Ok lang yan yung iba nga walang makain   ” Then he laughed. Anong konek?

“Anton, magbiro kana sa lasing, wag lang sa bagong gising!”

“Woah. I’m sure you won’t be angry when you hear this. Papasalamatan mo pa ko and you’ll realize how lucky you are because you have a good and gorgeous friend in me  ”

“Yuck! Ano na naman to?”

“Veloso”

“Sabe daw?”

“Franco Veloso. You’re ultimate crush. Is going to study at Marsen U, and it's his first day today. ”

Uhh. Franco? Wait. He’s just in my dreams a while ago. How come?    

“weh   ” and I ended the call. Sorry Anton! I have no time to entertain bad vibes e. Bad Vibes daw. Arte ko na  


KILLIIIGGG MUCH!!  


“MARAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!”

And with just a snap of a finger, She was standing at the door, panting.

“Wow. Ang bilis. Careful next time, you almost broke the door”

“Eh ano ba kasing nangyari??you scared me!”

“Wala lang. I was just thinking of a hot chocolate and a nice breakfast. I’ll cook. tara”

I dragged her outside and walk straight in the kitchen with a smile on my face.

“Tsk tsk. Creepy talaga” Mara said while looking at me.

I rolled my eyes and started preparing the eggs.

“Let me guess, you already heard the news about Franco?”

I looked at her, surprised by what she said.

“You knew about it? Since when?”

“Duh. Chismosa ako e. So, what’re you gonna do when you see your first love/ultimate crush/childhood friend roaming around the campus??” 

“Uhm. Nothing?”

“What the heck. You should talk to him!”

“And then what? Talk about how dirty we got when we played at the park?. It's been 10 years since i saw him. ”

“I know you’re not as idiot as I think Belle Rodriguez. Now is your time ”

“So, you mean I need to flirt?”

“Yes!! Nadali mo Belle!!wooohooo!”

“Para kang tanga. OA mo” 

Flirting? Is soooo not my forte. Ako yung taong nasa loob ang kulo and prefers to be a part of the crowd. Maybe that is why the more the guys that are attracted to Mara, the lesser the boys who notices me. Especially when we’re walking on the corridor, it’s like I’m just a shadow. But I’m contented though, after I witness how SABOG Mara was, after 3 serious relationships plus two MU’s but she didn’t get the chance to experience her first kiss.   

First boyfriend? She was 15. The time was perfect, it’s their anniversary. It was New Year. They were about to kiss when fireworks display begin.   

Second. She was 17. They were so close and she could feel his breath, but they end up bumping their noses. How embarrassing for a guy, right?   

Third.  Mara’s 18. Then there’s Mark. Of course, who would kiss someone when you know you have the same type??  talking about ‘EEEEWWW’ sayang, 1 ½ years na sila. I thought Mark’s the one.  

Chapter 4

Mara’s POV

I was alone at the library, not because I’m as studious as you think but because this is the most comfortable place in the whole campus to day dream. I got my phone out of my bag and opened an album named ‘Me and Zephiel’. The photos were just edited which is why sometimes I stay so late at night, but there’s this one picture which I really love. It was taken when I watched Zephiel’s concert when I got the chance to see him backstage. I don’t mind how much money I’ve lost, the fact that I saw him and got close to him, smelling his perfume sure is all worth it.   

“uhh. excuse me”

“yes?” I didn’t bother looking at the guy talking to me. Baka popormahan na naman ako. O, wag maasar. Hindi ako mayabang. Habulin lang talaga. JOKE

“where is RS building??”

“uhh. tabi ng canteen”

“where’s the canteen?”

I finally looked up to see the face of the man who interrupts me from day dreaming.   

“Ze—phiel??” I mouthed and  felt my whole body froze.    

I stared at the guy  standing in front of me. Could this be real? Lord, alam kong love mo ko pero hindi pa ko prepared e.

“Ok ka lang??” But then as I stare at him, his face suddenly changed. Kamukha lang pala.

“y-yes. Haha. Ano ulit yung tanung mo?”

“Well, you see I’m new here, I just wanted to know where is RS building and the canteen.”

He's tall, with brown eyes and long eyelashes. He has a scar at his left arm and he's voice is so manly, every girl would melt if they hear him say "I love you" 

He smiled when he saw me staring at him again. “I’m Franco nga pala and you are?”

“Mara.” I said formally “I’m not good at giving directions e. Sometimes I fail, so I guess I’ll just go with you there.”

“Is it ok?” he asked as gentle as possible.

“Oo naman. I have my next class in RS building. Tara”

 I kept my things but as I put my notebook inside my bag, he suddenly tapped me on my shoulder and apologized for bothering me awhile ago. He said he needs to go because of I don’t know reason. 

So I walked alone to my next class only to find out that my professor is absent.   

While my block mates were rejoicing, my phone vibrated.


From: Anton
Andito ko sa rooftop. Come, I’ll show you something =)


I wasn’t planning to go but I guess going in the roof top would be much better than staying inside the room with my classmates. Plus, I was wondering about what Anton would show me.  

I hurriedly went upstairs but I slowed down when I felt my knees getting weaker plus the sweat covering my face, what is POISE??  

Thank goodness I reached the door and opened it.

I saw Anton seating on the floor but what caught my attention is the part of the rooftop where a mini garden was located.

“Gandan no? kakatapos lang nan kahapon.” Anton stood up and smiled at me. He signaled me to follow him inside it.

“Wow” where the words I managed to say as I stepped inside the mini garden.

“We’re the first one among the students in this campus to see this.”

There were roses, tulips, star gazers, anthurium, sunflowers, and different kinds of orchids. I don’t know the names of the other flowers, but their colors blend perfectly. At the center is a small fountain and that’s when I noticed there were butterflies too. Amazing.   

“Ang ganda nung butterfly!!tingnan mo oh!!   ” I pulled his sleeves unaware that he was frowning.

“Yeah Mara. Adik lang? Ngayon lang nakakita ng paru-paro? Sabihin mo lang kung sisirain mo yung damit ko, papayag naman ako   ”

“taray!alis na ko” Ofcourse I won’t. Arte ko lang yun. Because I’m 100% sure, he wouldn’t allow me to go   . I rolled my eyes and was about to leave when he caught my hand. 


See??   


“wag muna” I faced him and then I smiled slyly. We sat on the stones.

“Labs talaga ako e. Mas gusto na kita kesa kay Belle!” Yes, she’s the person I’ve ever known to be so patient but that girl sure has this thing called PRIDE. Oo, too much pride!   

He said nothing but he gave a weak smile.

“O bakit? Did I say something wrong?”

“Wala, ” 

“Bat parang ang creepy mo ngayon.”

He stood up and offered his hand formally.

“Sayaw tayo”

“Are you kidding me? Ano to highschool?”

I saw him frowned but I grab his hand and stood up.

“Eto naman, hindi na mabiro”

He pinched my nose and then my cheeks and patted my head. My hair got messed up so I pouted and immediately made it look like I combed my hair.

“uhm. Sasayaw tayo, e pano yung music? Ano yun, muntanga lang”

“Hmm. I’ll sing”

“ha?” 

“paulit-ulit? Unlimited?” 

I nodded and saw how serious he is.

Then he started singing and we started to dance.

“When we turn out the lights
The two of us alone together
Something's just not right
But girl you know that I would never
Ever let another's touch, come between
The two of us 
'Cause no one else will ever take your place

No one else comes close to you
No one makes me feel the way you do
You're so special girl to me
And you'll always be eternally
Every time I hold you near
You always say the words I love to hear
Girl with just a touch you can do so much
No one else comes close “

For a moment, I felt that we’re the only person in the world. He sang from his heart that Is why I didn’t care anymore if he’s singing it or not. It’s as if there’s a real music playing. His voice is good, as angelic as Zephiel.
He wasn’t singing anymore but we kept on dancing.
Chapter 5


Mara’s POV

“Mara.. I—

“Mara!!” We almost pushed each other when Belle came, shouting like a mad mother scolding her child. She’s perspiring as if she ran all the way up here.

“Belle?.What’re you doing here?  ” 

She ignored Anton and went straight to me. She held both of my arms tightly.

“Was it true??” she said

“True what???” 

“You saw Franco?”

Then I remember the guy.

Kung ganun. Sya yung kababata ni Belle??     

“Sh!t. sya nga yun!!” 

“Kung ganun totoo nga. I’ve heard you talked to him” Belle’s face suddenly changed from excitement to somewhat disappointment and unconfident.

“Uhh..Oo, ang bilis ng chismis.”

“Okay, OP ako. Sino naman yung Franco na yun?” Anton said while removing Belle’s grasp in my arms.

“Wait!Maybe..”

They both looked at me while in I’m in deep thought. 

I grabbed Belle’s hand and pulled her outside the garden while running.

“Hey!!San tayo pupunta??!”

“Basta!”

“and before I forgot, Anton Sali ka sa singing contest!!” I shouted to him and smiled before we leave the rooftop.

Actually, even I don’t know where are we exactly going, all I know is we have to see that guy so I let my instinct guide us.

We reached the parking lot. And there,

“Sya yun diba!!” I said excitedly while pointing at the guy standing beside a car.

“Oo sya yun.” 

I held Belle’s face and look straight in her eyes. 

“Eeeww. Kadiri ka!” 

“Shut up first ok?. ” she nodded “Now, I need you to calm down and think that this is just your boring exam in Math. Got it?”

“What am I gonna do?”

I smiled and pushed her towards the place where Franco could notice her immediately.

“What the hell” she mouthed and I whispered “Go”

She walked for about 5 steps but it seems Franco is still ignoring her. She looked back at me as if she’s saying, “wag nalang kaya??” but I frowned and made my eyes bigger. So she continue walking but-

*BLAG*


“Ouch!!” I ran towards her when I saw her fell because she didn’t notice that the street has a step.

“Belle!!!!” I panicked but Franco made his way first and helped her stand up.

“Are you alright?” He said. Belle lifts her face and there they stare at each other as if I don’t exist.

“Isabella Rodriguez?” he said

“Ako nga  ” They smiled at each other but I have to cut the sweet encounter after I saw Belle’s shoe laying a couple of meters away from us.

“Uhmm, EHEM” They both looked at me.

“Mara right?”

“Yup.” I got Belle’s shoe and she immediately put it on.

“Hindi kapa rin nagbabago, lampa kapa din” He joked and patted Belle’s head.

Okay, bat ang lalaki mahilig mangganun??  

I saw Belle blushed. :">

“Franco!” I saw a girl heading towards us. 

“Kanina kapa?” She kissed Franco’s cheeks. “Who are they?”

Okay. Alam na :|

“Uhm. Christine, this is Belle my childhood friend and this is Mara”   she extended her hand.

“..and this is Christine, my girlfriend”

“Hi.”

“Hi” Belle said, smiling fake.

“Mauna na kami sa inyo ha. I was planning to transfer here so I inquired. Uhm, do you know Mark Velasco?” 

Mark Velasco.    
.
.
.
.


“He’s my ex  ”  

is what I wanted to say but Belle answered for me.

“He’s a former school mate. Why?”

“No, nothing.. Sige we have to go. Nice meeting you two.”

And then we both watched their car drove out of our sight.


Belle, with dead hopes and Me, reminiscing the pain again.


Belle’s POV

It’s been 1 week since our encounter with Franco and his i-forgot-the-name-girlfriend, As if I care. I admit, I was threatened when someone told me that Franco and Mara already met. I’m a fool to think exaggeratedly that they might end up together. I seldom saw him and when I did, I just smile to him. And before I forgot, Anton seemed avoiding us. Ever since I saw them at the rooftop, we never had a good conversation after that. Well, I didn’t mean to spoil everything that happened between the two of them. I just couldn’t understand him; maybe Mara would tell me what happened.

I poked Mara, who seemed asleep because she rested her head on her notebook, facing opposite me. 

“HUY!!” I pounded the table to caught Mara’s attention. 

But she never responded. I stood up and checked if she’s really asleep, only to find out that she wasn’t. 

“Belle bakit ganun?”

“Ha?”

Then she hugged me tightly making me drop my pen.

“Anong problema?”

I heard her sob. I just let her cry, since talking to her at this condition would only make her cry even more. After several minutes, good thing she stopped crying before my clothes would be soaking wet.

“Kung bakit kasi kahit wala na, kahit tanggap ko na. Nandito parin” She pointed her chest “Nandito parin yung sakit, nandito parin yung hope, na sana hindi to totoo, na sana paggising ko bumalik na kami ulit sa dati. Belle, ginagawa ko naman lahat e. Lahat ng paraang alam ko para kalimutan sya. I thought moving on would be easy since I became used to it after my past relationships. Pero nagkamali ako. Eto, nagdadrama na naman ako. Akala ko kasi noon, sya na talaga”

I could feel her pain. I could see it in her puffy eyes.

“I..don’t know what to say  ”

“Ok lang. Atleast pinakinggan mo ko. Sorry ha. I know you’re sick of all my dramas. Promise last na ‘to”

“Teka muna Mara. I don’t get it. Why are you suddenly talking about him?”

She smiled “His mom called” She wiped her tears “Tita doesn’t know that we broke up. She invited me to have dinner this coming Friday. It’s her birthday and she treated me like her own daughter so I said yes. Galing, I’ll see that jerk again”

“What a mess. His mom probably doesn’t know about his ‘condition’”

“Condition? You sound like he has a disease and he’s dying”

“Screw that guy. Nahihirapan ka tuloy ngayon. Gusto mo samahan kita?? Don’t worry, hindi naman ako magpapakita sa kanila. I’ll just watch over you”

“Hindi wag na. I’ll be okay. Sasabihin ko na din kay tita yung totoo.”

After i've heard it. I made up my mind. I'm coming with her, whatever it takes   

We decided to go home but as we focus our eyes on our way home, we saw Anton. Emotionless, he approached us and surprisingly, he hugged Mara.

“Don’t go”

His tone implies that it wasn’t just a request.

Chapter 6

Mara’s POV


Emotions filled my heart as I walk along the hotel. All along, I’ve been thinking on how to react, on how to pretend, on how to hide. 
God, I’ll leave everything to you. Please, bigyan nyo po ako ng lakas ng loob.
Sana..makaya ko. Sana.. magawa kong sabihin kay Tita ang lahat. Pagod na rin ako. Kaya kailangang tapusin ko na ‘to.


“Jerk!” I turned around and saw Belle.

“O? Bat ka nandito?”
She glared and walked towards me. She wears a nice dress, as if she’s the one invited. “Don’t worry, hindi naman ako gagawa ng gulo. I’ll be there when you need me  ” I don’t know, but I feel a lot better when I saw her here. At least I have a back up if ever something went wrong. God, I thank you for always being there for me. 


A few meters away, I saw Tita Eula with her son, Mark. Belle advised me to avoid staring at Mark’s eyes. I don’t know why, but maybe I’ll just follow her.

Hindi parin sya nagbabago  

“Mara!! It’s been a long time. Kamusta ka anak?” she hugged me tightly. See? That’s why it’s so hard for me to tell her everything. UGH.

I saw him behind and was staring at me.

“Ok lang po. Happy birthday!” I gave her my gift. T’was a scarf. She loves collecting those while I love collecting hats. We both love to shop; now I don’t know if we could do that again  . 

She sat down and Mark, being a gentleman pulled my chair. He smiled at me. I smiled back but I remembered Belle’s advice. Ok, here it goes. Whatever happens, it’s the will of God, I know. Sasabihin ko na habang maaga pa.

“Uhm. Tita I have to tell you something”When I said the word something, I looked at Mark who was seated beside me.

“What is it? Teka, are you two planning to get married?”  

“Ma!.please”

“Ikaw naman hindi na mabiro. Mamaya nalang natin pag-usapan yan. Let’s eat first, okay?”
I nodded. My eyes searched for Belle but I can’t see her. The whole time we were eating, all I could hear was tita’s voice about her experience in her vacation abroad. I smile; I laugh when it’s needed but my attention was focused on how I could say everything to her and ruin the happy vibes inside this hotel.

Until her phone vibrated.

“Excuse me lang ah.”
She stood up and went outside and there I am, alone with this guy. UGH. Ang awkward. Ang hirap.

“I’m..sorry” he said and held my hand.

The moment he did that, I realized how much I miss him.
I removed my hand and stood up, making the chair screech. It got the attention of all the people inside. AYOS  

Belle asan kana?? 
Mark held my arms and dragged me.

“Mark san tayo pupunta??” tears almost fell out of my eyes. Hindi ba dapat maging matapang ako ngayon? Why am I so weak?

We end up in the garden of the hotel. 
I fell down on my knees, but managed not to cry.

“Mara I’m sorry..”

“Bakit mo ba to ginagawa? Bat mo ko pinapahirapan ng ganito?? Tapos na tayo diba?”

“Mara, please let me explain. Hindi totoo yung nakita mo. Give me another chance”

I want to believe everything he says. If only it’s that easy. But-

“Ayoko.. and please, sabihin mo na kay Tita ang totoo.” I left him without turning back. I know I’m doing the right thing, I HOPE  

“Mahal parin kita!” He shouted. The words made my tears fell down my cheeks. 

“Mara. Mahal na mahal parin kita.. Sana, paniwalaan mo ako. Hindi kita niloko at lalong hindi ako tulad ng iniisip mo. Mara please..don’t go” I know he’s also crying. I could feel him walking towards me. Until I felt his arms wrapped around me.

I’m confused    .


Mark’s POV


I made her sat down the bench near us. I offered my handkerchief but she didn’t accept it. 

Just so you know, I am Mark. Mainis man kayo sakin dahil sa pagdating ko ulit sa buhay ni Mara, pwes sorry. I know I’ve hurt her but believe me; it’s out of my control. Someone set me up and made me look like I’m gay, for Pete’s sake. 

*Flashback* 

I felt excited to see Mara after a week of so many things to do in school. That thesis is such a pain in the ass. 

I saw her sitting at the swing, making her look like a child. CUTE. I walk as quiet as I could to surprise her. I covered her eyes from behind but she didn’t move an inch. I felt something wet in my hands.

“Mara?”

“Hanggang kelan mo ko balak lokohin?”I don’t have any clue on what she’s saying.

“Ano bang sinasabi mo? I didn’t-She slapped me and throws something straight on my face.
I saw pictures of me with other guys. Fvck. Ano to?

“Ngayon alam ko na kung bat ka laging busy.”  Then she left me.

“Mara wait!!, Let me explain!!”I ran and reached for her hand. But she pushed me and I saw anger in her eyes.

“Tapos na tayo”
I tried everything to talk to her. I called her many times and sent messages but she never responds. I went to her house but the maid said she moved out of the house. I tried to talk to Anton but all I got was a punch and swear words. Anton forbids me to see her again or I’ll be sorry to be born in this world. After a week, I got a note that said I should leave Mara or she’ll suffer. I ignored the note and then after a couple of days I received news that she almost had a failing grade in one of her subject because someone stole her project. After that a note was found in my locker again. It wrote, ”Mark my words”. Then, I decided to move on another school and leave things behind.


*END OF FLASHBACK*

“I’m.. not gay” Uttering those words were very awkward but it’s the truth.By that time she stopped crying but she didn’t say a word.

“Mara, pakinggan mo ko. I didn’t mean to hurt you. Yung pictures-

“Mara” we saw Anton and Belle. 

“Let’s go” Belle took Mara’s hands. “Teka lang Belle, may kailangan pa kong sabihin.”

“No. It’s enough.. Please, nahihirapan na ang kaibigan ko” And they went inside the car.

“Pero-

“Back off” Anton’s eyes were full of authority and anger. But I won’t be scared to fight for what is mine.

“Mark..Anong nangyayari dito??Where’s Mara?” I saw my mother heading towards us.

“I’m warning you Velasco. Don’t go near her again. Mark my words” then he left.

Chapter 7

Belle’s POV


Spell Awkward.


No one dared to talk inside the car. Mara had been staring at somewhere-I-don’t-know while Anton filled the atmosphere with bad vibes by cursing and blaming every innocent motorist he could see along the way because of a heavy traffic we were in. 

“Bat kaya ang traffic?” I said to somehow lessen the heavy aura but I was wrong for I seemed crazy talking to myself. 

The long, awkward silence made me sick and I could feel my butt already hurts. Takte naman ayoko ng ganito. :| I don’t know what to say to both of them.
Kasi naman tong si Mara. She said she won’t go. That’s what Anton knew. Good thing I know her so much that even the gestures she made, the shifting of her tone, the rolling of her eyes I could recognize immediately. 

“Sorry”    She suddenly said out of nowhere.

“ok lang yun. Tapos na naman e.” 

But I felt irritated when I sensed that the ‘sorry’ was not for me but rather for Anton who seemed disturbed. Tanung ko lang Nag-eexist ba ko dito sa chapter na ‘to??
“I never should’ve gone there in the first place” 

*BEEEEPBEEEEPP!!!!!*

“T@nga. . @$%! ” Anton cursed for the nth time.
 
This is the first time I’ve seen him like this. Now, I’m scared. Sa bagay, kasalanan nung engot na driver na biglang nag-over take. Hayyy. Buhay!!

All of a sudden, Mara started sobbing again. 

“Wag kana ngang umiyak!!” Anton yelled. I hugged her but she cried even more.

“Look what you did!!. Kumalma ka nga Anton.” 

“Aisshhhttt” He parked the car along the side walk and went outside. I thought he’ll leave us but he opened the door of the car where Mara is and grab her hand. 

“Hoy!! Ano na naman yan Anton?” 

“Mauna ka ng umuwi” 

“Ano??!!” they left me inside “Hey!!I don’t know how to 


drive!!” They didn’t hear me. I just saw them rode on a taxi.









GALING. Pano ko uuwi nito??  



MARA’S  POV


“San tayo pupunta??” 

He didn’t respond. That’s when I saw his hands tightly intertwined with mine. WARM.
We both end up in a place where all I could see are lights. Beautiful, glowing lights coming from the city. Amazement filled my heart. I closed my eyes and feel the cold wind. It somehow made me feel better. I opened my eyes, and saw Anton staring at me. I avoided his eyes because of embarrassment.

“Ang ganda dito” I smiled and caressed my hair.

“Wag kang ngumiti. May kasalanan kapa sakin” 

“Sorry.. Bati na tayo?” He just shrugged and sat on the bench. I followed him.

“Sorry na Anton. Don’t you think it’s enough? Nakakagagong umiyak ng umiyak no” 

“Sino matigas ang ulo?” he poked my head and stood up.

“Where are you going?” 

“I’ll be back” 

It just took him a few minutes to get back. He was holding a coffee. I thought he’s going give it to me but he put it beside me instead.

“Is this for me??” 
He nodded and stared at the beautiful view. I could feel it, he’s cold.

“Sorry na nga kasi..    ” I was at the verge of crying AGAIN.

“Alam mo Mara, hindi porke’t mahal kita papatawarin kita agad.” 



A..Ano daw?? 



“Ma—mahal mo ko???” 

I could tell he was also surprised by what he said. “Pwede pakiulit?” 
He smiled. A sweet one.

“I love you Mara Clarisse Ferrer” 

My world suddenly stopped. I know my cheeks turned red so I bowed my head.
Silence filled the whole place. Only the sound of the crickets was heard. He sighed very deep and laughed.

“ Sa wakas nasabi ko din!! Ano tara na?” 

“Huh?teka lang.. ang labo mo naman!” 

“Uhh. do me a favor.” 

“ano?” 

“Never mind. Bukas nalang. Let’s go” 

He seized for my hand and there I am, being dragged again. Ang weird talaga.
As he held my hand, I smiled. A smile I really miss after a lot of tears I’ve shed. 
He suddenly stopped walking as if he forgot something important.

“Belle” 

“Oh? What about Belle?” 

“Does she know how to drive?” 

Reality came in and realized we were both stupid to leave her. I gave him an unsure look.

“Sh!t. I’ll call her” 

While he dials her number, I reached for my phone inside my bag and there I received messages from her.



From: Belle 
     Don’t know how to drive. Get back here!!




The message was 30 minutes ago. I opened another message, newer than the one I’ve read.




From: Belle
   Thanks huh. Ok na ko. Andito nako sa bahay.


“She’s not answering the phone” 

“Don’t bother calling her. She might be asleep right now” 

“Huh?”

Chapter 8

Mark’s POV

Last night was a mess. I let pass the chance to explain everything to her. All I know right now is to talk to her again. I want to win her back, even if Anton would block my way. 

“Hi babe I miss you”

Out of nowhere, he appeared. The boy who was with me at the picture, Kris. 

“Anong kaylangan mo saken. ”

“You know what I want Mark” His hand move swiftly on my chest. @#$%* kadiri  

“Get your hands off me !@#$” I pushed him hard on the wall. I looked around to see if there are people in the corridor. Luckily, no one was watching.

“Is this how you treat a friend who shared a night with you?”

I punched him with all my guts and all the anger I had inside. Hindi ko magagawa yun kay Mara. @#$%* magkamatayan na.  
I held tightly his collar and saw how his lips bleed. 
“Sino nag-utos sayo na gawin yun?!!”

But instead of answering my question, he laughed as if the punch I gave was just a bite of an ant.

“@#$%* Sagutin mo ang tanong ko!!” 

He then shoved me away from him and before I could manage to stand up, he ran.
I dashed to where he went to caught him. He disappeared out of my sight when I reached the street but as I turn around--- 












*BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!*






Anton’s POV


I don’t know how to act in front of her after my horrible confession last night.

“Hoy Anton..Engot ka, may kasalanan ka saken!” Sabay hampas sa likod  

“Sorry! How did you manage to get home??” I saw how her cheeks turned red and how uneasy she acted. She looked straight into my eyes, ready to tell something. Expressionless, she pointed something I don’t know behind me.

“Si Mara ohh natapilok” I looked at the direction where she was pointing but saw no sign of Mara at the crowd. I gazed at her again but I found myself alone on the table. DAYA ni Belle. It then gave me more suspicions that she hides something.
I was about to leave when Mara surprised me by pushing Belle to sat on the chair opposite mine.

“I won’t allow you to go unless you tell us what happened to you last night”

“Yeah right. Hiding something Rodriguez?”

“Okay,okay!! Easy!” 

“Spill!”

“Ahh ganun. Diba you two should be the one to tell me something about what you did last night??    ”

She raised her eyebrows as if we switched places and now we’re on the hot seat. Mara pulled Belle’s hair.

“Don’t change the topic..Ano nga kase!”

“Alright!!iyak na kayong dalawa.” She stroked her hair back to where it was before Mara had messed it up.

“uhmm. Excuse me.”

Franco approached Belle, holding a lot of books.

“Oh hi!. ” Belle tucked her hair behind her ears and pulled the chair beside her. “Upo ka”

“Sure, thanks.” He then looked at Mara and I “Hi” he smiled.
I nodded and saw how Belle’s eyes wander on Franco’s face.

“What’s with the books??” Mara asked curiously. She opened a book and scanned the first page. 

“She said she would help me study for the finals as payment for last night”

“Last night?” I blurted out which made Franco’s attention switch to mine.

“I saw her at the side walk and helped her” OKAY.. ALAM na  

“Oo.. haha.” Belle said awkwardly.

“Ahh..” Mara said while staring at Belle meaningfully.

“O sige we’ll go na. Bye Franco” 

She signaled me to follow her outside the canteen. I stood up immediately and quickly packed my things. Geez. I’m nervous:|

Both of us didn’t talk while we were walking outside. I’m tongue tied and anxious. The scene last night played repeatedly on my mind.

“Where are we going??”

“I don’t know. I was just following you” She glared and walked straight to a bench near a tree. We sat down and watched the people passing by. Ayoko ng ganito.

“Uhm. About last night yung—

“Ahh oo..yung favor mo??” I wasn’t planning to talk about the favor thingy but the confession I had. I have to clear things up with her since it wouldn’t be like before when we were still friends, I mean I was just a friend.

“Ano na?? Bilis baka magbago pa isip ko”

I panicked and started looking for something I could use or probably hoping that God would help to find an idea that would come into my mind. And BINGO  I saw a poster on the bulletin board beside us.

“Nakikita mo yun?”

“The Dean’s lister?? ”

“Ayy nako. The red poster beside that”

She stood up and read the poster. I saw how her eyes got big most likely because she saw the word ‘singing’

“Are you kidding?? I don’t know how to sing!! Tsaka bukas na to ahh. Last day na ng pagpapalista ngayon!”

“Gags. Ofcourse you know how to sing I heard you”

“When?”

“You were singing ‘Only Hope’ inside the bathroom. Well It wasn’t my intention to invade your room but Belle asked me to get you ipod. So that’s it”

“So ikaw pala yun??” She looked embarrassed.

“Nahiya kapa. Lahat naman tayo guilty sa ganun.” I love her voice even if she’s not good as 
Sarah Geronimo or Charice Pempengco but she sure is better than Ann (Basta si Ann!)  sorry for the fans out there  

She smiled and sat beside me again.

“So ano? Payag kana?”

“E pano yun bukas na??Kelan pa tayo magpapractice?”

“Ngayon na. But let’s eat first.. My treat  ”

“Yan ang gusto ko sayo e. Tara!”

 


After a couple of hours practicing our piece, we decided to take a break. Belle came in the music room with a wide smile on her face.

“O kamusta ang date mo?”

“Ako??Baka kamusta ang date nyo??”

“Luka. Nagpapractice kami para sa singing contest bukas.”

“Talaga lang ahh. Pangatawanan mo yan Mars. Iapply mo yung pinapractice mo tuwing umaga sa banyo.”

“Ahh. Tatawa nako?” she said a bit annoyed  .

“So what’re you gonna sing?”

“Way back into Love”

“I play the piano. She’s in charge of the guitar”

“Wow heavy..” She laughed while I was really confused why.

“Nakahithit ng Veloso pagpasensyahan na”

“Whatever!”

We enjoyed laughing and Belle started sharing about how ‘Kilig’ she felt when out of nowhere ‘daw’ when she felt that she was alone, suddenly he came and made everything alright. She’s really into him, I could tell. Pero, may girlfriend yung tao e :|

“Pawisan kana ohh.”

“Ok lang yan. Ano practice ulit tayo?”

“Ayaw pang pakasal!”

“Ano?” 

“Wala!!sige aalis nako.. may klase pa ko e”

Chapter 9


Mara’s POV


I was walking alone at the corridor going on our last practice before the contest. I decided to drop by the locker and put my books inside, I won’t need it anyway  

“Hi”

I gaze at the girl beside me. My eyes narrowed because I know I’ve seen this girl.

“You probably forgot about me. I’m Christine. Franco’s girlfriend”

“Ahh. Hi.  ” 

The idea of Belle, enjoying Franco’s company suddenly entered my mind.

“Uhm. Eto ohh” She handed me a familiar pink notebook. I look at her and saw how puzzled her expression is.

“I believe this is Belle’s notebook. I found it inside Franco’s car.”

Shoot. Oo nga.

“Thank you.” I said nervously. 

“Close pala talaga sila no?  ” She said shyly.

“Ahh..Oo.” I put the notebook inside my locker and closed it. I somehow feel the guilt. I know how it feels to be cheated, but I chose to support and let Belle be happy on what she’s doing. Friendship isn’t what Belle wants, I know it. I’m too smart to know on how a girl could turn into a deceitful, foxy, bratt when it comes to love.

“Uhm”

“May kaylangan ka pa? Gusto mong manood sa contest mamaya?”   

 Having a careless mouth is what I really hate about myself. Of course I don’t want to feel awkward and stiff between my best friend and this nice girl in front of me. Wala na e. Nasabi ko na :|

“No thanks. I’m going to visit my brother in the hospital.” Buti naman  

“Ahh. So pano I’ll go ahead.” I smiled at her and she smiled back, making feel more comfortable.

“Wait..”

I looked back at her. “If there’s a chance that you would see Franco, please tell him to call me”

“I will.”

“Thanks. Nice meeting you again Mara  ”

I nodded and smiled again. As I turn around to walk, I heard her phone rang. She immediately answered it. I slowed down, making me look like a chismosa for you, but I don’t know why I suddenly did that as if my counterpart tells me to do so.

“Oh Mark. Kamusta kana?”

I froze and recalled what Christine said a while ago. She was going to visit her brother in the hospital. I looked back at her for the third time, I think. This time, she ended the call and noticed me.

“May problema ba Mara?”

“Ka-kapatid mo si Mark?”

Is my suspicion right or what? As far as I remember, Mark doesn’t talk about him having a brother or sister.

“Oo. Bakit?”

She started walking towards me.

“Ahh. W-wala lang” 

“Is there something between you and Mark??Please tell me”

“He’s my..”

“He’s your?”

“My..friend”

GAHD. Why is it so hard to tell that he’s my ex-boyfriend? Ano ba??   

“Talaga??!Then you should come with me. Matutuwa yun pag nakita ka nya”
What the hell. Ano na naman tong pinasok ko :|

“Ahm Ano kasi Christine. Ano bang nangyari kay Mark?”

Nice. Talagang concern ako noh??pakibatukan nga ako please  

“He was hit by a car yesterday. Luckily, he only got minor injuries but he’s still under observation”

Asa pang mamatay agad yun lalaking yun. He’s strong but afraid of the needles  I remember how hard I laugh when he was also—OOOPPPSS. Erase. Erase. I shouldn’t care at him anymore. Right? Plus, he has a kind sister and Tita Eula with him.

I smiled.

“Buti naman. Maybe I’ll drop by sometime after the contest, or pag hindi nako busy. He would certainly understand it.”

“Mmm-kay. I want to be frank with you Mara, I want to be your friend. Pwede?”

“Ha?Sure ka?”

Wow. Now I feel like I’m between two bumping tectonic plates, causing a big disastrous earthquake. Oh God, help me.

“Oo naman.”

“Then, Friends  ” She hugged me tightly “Thanks!” 

Great. I have a new friend. Feels good though  

We part ways and I went straight to the music room where I saw Anton playing the piano. He was singing. I stood near the door to listen but he stopped and said 

“Late kana”

“You sure have good radar”

“Yup. Especially built for tracing Mara vibes”

I laughed and put my things on the floor. 

“O para sayo” He was holding a white rose in front of me while his eyes still focused on the piano keys.

“Bat mo ko binibigyan nito?   ”

He smiled and looked at me straight in the eyes.

“Sa ayaw mo’t sa gusto, manliligaw nako simula ngayon.”

Lots of confetti suddenly fell and there I was, being teased and harassed my Belle. Galing, may kasama pala kami.  Franco and Belle are with us.

Geez. Naalala ko tuloy si Christine :|

“Dude, you really can’t do it in a nice and gentle way.” Franco said while patting Anton’s head.

Okay. Close na din sila. hindi ko alam. 

“Asa kapa kay Anton. Sweet though!!yieeeee!! :”>”

“Tama na nga!! Umalis na kayo, magparactice pa kami  ”

“Asus. Galit-galitan. Gusto lang masolo si Anton  ”

Franco and Belle shared a high-five. Ano to. As far as I know, I’m here to practice.

“Labas na nga!” Anton pushed the two outside and closed the door.

“Hayy salamat”

We both looked at each other while I was still holding the rose. A smile was forming at his lips that made me smile too. We end up laughing. I don’t know why, all I know is I’m happy.  

Chapter 10. 1

Mara’s POV


Dugdug. Dugdug

I feel like I’m Xeira in 548 heartbeats (A story that really made me cry, credits to Ms. Peach  ) . Not because the love of my life is near, but because we’re next to perform. My hands are shaking and this means, my voice too. Why did I join this contest in the first place? Takot ako!!!

“Nervous?”
Anton smiled slyly. He sat beside me and pinched my nose.

“Aray naman!. Oo na, I’m nervous!! Wag nalang kaya??”

“Sira!! Kung kelan malapit na.Alam mo you’re cute when you’re nervous”

I avoided his eyes and stare at my guitar, beside my lap. “Tigilan mo nga ako”

“Bat ka namumula??Don’t tell me in love kana sakin  ”

“As if?!!  ”

“Oh??Pikon kana? Sorry naman, I was just making you feel comfortable”

“Didn’t help”

“Wag ka matakot. Your voice is better than them. Plus, you’re prettier”

Okay. Ganto ba talaga pag nanliligaw si Anton?? Puro bola!!
I raised an eyebrow and pinched both of his cheeks.

“CUTE!!!!!much better if you shut up your mouth!” I said sarcastically.

“Ang sweet nila ohh. Kakainggit. Mukhang love na love ang isa’t-isa”

We both looked at the girls giggling on one side of the backstage. I stopped pinching his cheeks and glared at him, he’s staring at me with a wide smile printed on his face.

“Oh bat ka tumigil??Isa pa dali”

“I’ll leave you, you’ll see”

“Don’t worry” He held my hand tightly.

Those two words made me feel like I’m am the most protected girl in the whole world. The warmth of his hands creep through my veins up to my heart and washed away the uneasy feeling I have. 

Belle’s POV

Spell HAPPY!!

Franco was sitting next to me, while we were here at the university’s theater. Kinakabahan ako para kay Mara.
He poked me and leaned closer.

“That girl has a nice voice but I don’t think she has the looks” he whispered

“Ang bad mo” I gazed at the girl singing in front of us. And yes, tama si Franco.

He knows many things. Truth is, I’m starting to like him. NO. I like him. I don’t plan to ruin his relationship with her girlfriend but I am willing to wait until he would realize that he feels the same way. Right now, I would be the best friend he ever had. 

*BBRRRRRR*

I looked at my phone and received a text message from Mara.
Quote
From: Mara
Please tell Franco to call her GIRLFRIEND..Okay?. Thanks <3

 At talagang she emphasized the word ‘girlfriend’.

“Franco, sabi ni Mara tawagan mo daw girlfriend mo”

“huh? Close na sila?”

I really don't know, maybe they just met on the way and recognized each other.

I shrugged and focused my eyes on the stage. I took a glance at him and saw that he’s holding his phone, probably dialing her gf’s number.

“Unattended e”

“Try calling her again later.”

He smiled and stared at me. But I saw his eyes narrowed while looking at my cheeks.
Okay STOP!. i'm melting  

“May mole ka pala sa left cheek. Ngayon ko lang napansin”

“Talaga??”

“Yup, but too small to be noticed”

“Akala ko kung ano. Uhm, ano nga palang pangalan ulit ng girlfriend mo?”

“Christine”

“Do you mind telling me something about her?”

What a question. This stupid mouth should be punished  

“Ahm. Christine is such a good person. Ano pa ba..hmm. Yun, she’s the best ”

While he was describing her, I could see that he’s happy and so much in love with that girl. That’s when I realize how bad I am for assuming that he might be mine someday. It’s as if truth was slapped directly on face. What would I do? I love being with him, and I’m not planning to stay away from him.

“E ako?” I told you, my mouth should be in jail right now. Why am I so careless?

“huh?”

“Wala. ”

I felt uneasy as I focus again to the one performing on the stage.

“Ikaw ang pinakamasayang kasama sa lahat”

I looked at him while he was smiling at me. 

Now, tell me how could I manage to move on?   


Anton’s POV


“2nd place??hmmm. Not bad” Belle waved the F**kin certificate in front me. We were meant to win, I know and we don’t deserve that piece of paper. I clenched my fist, ready to punch someone hard on the face. I can smell something wrong.

“Ano ba kasing totoong nangyare? ” She took a sit in front of me and gave me a worried look.

Flashback

“Let’s go, we’re next”

I grabbed Mara’s cold and clammy hands. She sighed deeply and smiled before she took her guitar.

A familiar figure of a man wearing a cap that almost hid his face run carelessly towards us and bumped Mara, I lose my grip on her hand making her fell flat on the floor while her guitar was completely wrecked into pieces.

“Oh my god. No.” She held the pieces of her guitar with tears forming in her eyes. I looked around to find that son of a b!tch but I saw faces of concerned people gathering around us.

Too late. 

“Are you hurt?” I worriedly said.

“Contestan no. 2. You’re next.. Please come on stage NOW”

I almost punched the face of the announcer. He should have been sensitive enough to see that we’re on a critical solution and that the best solution is to call the next contestant instead.

“Come on stage or you’ll be disqualified” The announcer hissed and went back on stage.

“Anton” Mara’s eyes imply weakness and fear.

“We don’t need to do this.”

She wiped her tears and stood up.

“No. Andito na tayo. We can do it”

She seized for my hand and dragged me on stage.

Tama. Nandito na e. We’ll just do our best.

We looked at each other before I play.

No matter how many obstacles we encounter, as long as I’m with you, I’ll never be afraid.

End of Flashback
 
“So you’re telling me that it’s not an accident but rather planned??Yun ba Anton?”

I sighed.

“TADAAAAA!!” I saw a plastic full of cookies, an inch in front of my face.

I snatched it and looked at Mara standing behind me. She was smiling as if something bad didn’t happen.

“Ok lang yan, yung iba nga walang makain” Then she pinched both of my cheeks and sat beside me.

“Ok lang pala Anton e. OA kalang magdrama”

Yeah right. I just really can’t forget the sympathy I felt when I saw her trying to put back the pieces of her guitar.

“Wait!anong oras na?”

“10 minutes before 3. Bakit?”

“OMG!! Mara!!”

“OMG what??”

“Malelate na tayo sa klase natin kay Sir Animales..Stoops!”

“Bloody hell. Tara na!”

Ayun. I enjoyed watching them running. Take note, nakaheels pa yun.  

I looked at the cookies and smiled; it was designed like a lip pouting. I noticed a small pink paper inside.
Quote
COOKISS for Anton. <3 <3 Enjoy every bite. HAHAHA.

“Enjoy every bite huh??” I laughed and went to my locker.

I opened it and found a piece of paper. Galing. I received two notes.
Quote
Meet me at 5, same place. Don’t ever think of not showing up. You know me very well.
                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                   XOXO, 
                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                    Kris
Chapter 11



Anton’s POV


As I step inside that big abandoned building, thoughts of Mara was playing repeatedly on my mind. It’s because of her that I did the most stupid thing I could ever imagine. It’s because of my love for her that it lead to something i really didn't want. 

“You’re late as usual” Kris said while smirking as he stood straight after leaning on the wall. He looked thinner than before. At first glance you wouldn’t really think that he is something special, I mean someone who likes hot pretty girls.

Kris and I were best friends since elementary but we attended different schools back in high school. I’ve never heard anything about him since then until I saw him here in Marsen University. He told me that he was bullied because of his true identity in this all boy’s school. It came up to the point that his dad denied him in front of his friends.

“What do you want?” I said as calm as possible.

“Well, uhh. This is something just between YOU and I Anton..Just between you and i”

“Wait a minute, are you drunk?”

He sneered and walked inside a room. I followed him and found lots of drug paraphernalia on the floor. Sh!t, adik pala tong baklang to.

“Surprised?” He picked a piece of that something and smelled it. “These is my best friend. And, you’re my friend too right?”

“Uhh..Y-yes”

“Nalulungkot ako ngayon Anton. I have no money to buy these anymore because of my f**kin father and I have so many debts that I have to pay. ” 

“Diretsahin mo na ko Kris” He grinned devilishly. 

“Masyado kang nagmamadali. I have something to show you pa.” He pulled the venetian blind and there I saw a man with a tape on his mouth. He was mercifully asleep. Only a glass was separating the room where we are and where the guy is.


I narrowed my eyes and studied the face of the man.


!@#$%


“Si Mark”

“Yey!!you’re right!!”

“!@#$% Kris, what is he doing there?!”

“Oh? Aren’t you happy to see him like this??Diba this is what you want?”

I froze on the spot where I was standing. He got me speechless.

“Oh?? Bat ka namumutla??”

Flashback

Strange. This is what I feel. For a few minutes of staring at her eyes, I began to long for it. I think I’m in love with her.

UGH.

I rolled from my bed and picked my phone. I need to talk to someone.
I dialed Kris’ number.

“Hello Kris”

“O Anton. It’s been a long time. Ano inom tayo?”

“Sure, san ka?”

He gave me the address of the bar he’s at. I drove for a few minutes and reached the classy bar with attractive lights outside.

I saw him waving at me at one side of the bar. I smiled and sat opposite him. We drank and made fun while I didn’t bother looking at my watch.

“Olats ka pala e. Nainlove ka sa may boyfriend na”

“Nga e. I like her so much Kris.”

“Wait, I have an idea”

“What is it??”

“No. It’s a surprise. Malapit na birthday mo diba??”

“Kinikulabutan ako sayo Kris.”

After a week i received a news from Belle that Mara and Mark just broke up.

I got a letter from my locker. It wrote.
Quote
Happy Birthday my beloved friend. Did you receive the news?? Guess what, i planned it. No need to thank me.  

                                                                                    Kris

End of Flashback

“All you need to do is help me. Will you?”

“Pwede bang pakawalan mo na muna sya?”

“Sagutin mo muna tanong ko.”

Tapos? If I pay all his debts and support his wrong habit, I’ll take the conscience for the rest of my life. I don’t want to be the key to ruin my friend’s life.

“Kris. Listen to me. You’re ruining your life.”

“What life?? Matagal nang sira ang buhay ko Anton.”

“No. I can help you.”

He laughed and waved his hand. “So that’s it. Ayun ang sagot mo. Pagsisisihan mo to Anton”
Four guys entered the room where Mark is, and poured a pale of water in his face. He was awakened and his eyes were terrified. His eyes met mine and I felt sympathy and the urge to help him. They started punching and kicking his stomach until I saw blood coming out of his mouth. 
I step outside to run to help him, but two men blocked my way.

“Not so fast Anton”

One of them punched my stomach that made me curl down the floor. A handkerchief was covered at my nose. The smell made my nerves numb and everything went black.


Mara’s POV

I was walking along with Belle and Franco to the old abandoned building inside the university. A strange call made my whole body froze and my heart beat so fast.

“Old abandoned building at Marsen U. I think your friend needs your help dear”
And then I heard a growling of a man, crying in pain.

“Sino ba kayo??! ” A familiar voice. I know that voice.

“Kinakabahan ako sayo Mara. Are you sure boses ni Mark yung narinig mo?”

“I can’t be wrong Belle. Si Mark yun   ”
We reached the building but Franco entered first. He checked if the place was safe for us and then he signaled us to enter.

I opened a door where I could hear are the sound of droplets of water pouring on the floor. Maybe he’s here.

-

-

-

I didn’t move an inch as I saw two men inside. 

Anton, with no trace of bruise in his face and Mark lying on the floor covered with blood.

Chapter 12



Belle’s POV



“Mara nak—
  

I was shocked by what I saw. Mark was lying on the floor, wet with both water and blood. He’s not yet dead because of his deep breath as a sign that he had been tortured. !@#$% naiiyak ako   
My eyes landed on Anton, who was then looking at the floor maybe at a state of shock with a thick wood stick on his hand.

“A—anton. Bakit ka may hawak na pamalo?” Mara looked at Franco, teary eyed with fear in her eyes.

He threw it after realizing what Franco said.

“Hi-ndi ko alam.”

All our eyes switched on the door when we heard a slight knock. We saw a guy, tall but thin and 4 guys behind him.

He smirked before he entered. “May bisita pala tayo Sir Anton”

“!@#$% Kris..Tigilan mo na to” Anton’s eyes were full of anger as he clenched his fist.

“Sir? ”  she said puzzled.

“Bakit po Sir Anton?Diba inutusan nyo kami na dalhin sya dito. We didn’t know you would do this to him. Ang sabi mo lang kidnapin namin sya.”

“Ano bang sinasabi mo??” Anton looked at us “He’s lying. Believe me”

“Pero sir! Sya din yung taong pina set-up nyo samin na picturan habang may katabing ibang lalaki. Hindi namin alam na ganito pala ang galit nyo sa kanya.”

What f*ck is he saying??  

“G*go ka pala e!!” He punched Kris making him fell down the floor. The four guys were ready to back him up but he waved his hand signaling the guys to back-off.

“TAMA NA!!!” Mara burst out her anger and saw tears falling in her eyes. 

“Mara maniwala ka sakin—

*SLAP*

“How could you do this to me?!!” I embraced Mara as she crumpled Anton’s shirt.

“Mara ang mabuti pa dalhin na natin si Mark sa ospital” 

We were alarmed when we heard a siren of the police outside the building.

“!@#$% Umalis na tayo dito!!!”

“Hindi pwede pare.” Franco blocked their way, with police officers behind him.


 

Franco and I were waiting outside the room where Mark is. Mara and Christine were inside the room.  Magkapatid pala sila ni Christine. Ngayon ko lang nalaman. She was in US for 5 years and that time Mark and Christine don’t have a good relationship because Christine is a daughter of another woman. Meaning magkapatid sila sa ama. Maybe that’s why Mark didn’t mention her with us. Now, as far as I could see, they’re in good terms.

“Ang lalim ng iniisip mo”

I smiled at him as he offered a coffee.

“I didn’t know Anton could do this thing”

“Asan nga pala sya??”

“He’s at the police station. Baka iniinterrogate pa. ”

I began to be sad as I think of him. Anton is such a good person for pete’s sake! Hindi sya ganun!!

“Ang galing ahhh. Buti tumawag kana agad ng pulis bago pumunta dun.”

“Better be sure than sorry. Sa klase ng lugar na pupuntahan natin, mukhang mga adik lang napunta dun. Don't get me wrong ah. Pero ok na din na may nahuli dun kasi, mapapahiya ako.” 

“Salamat Franco” I held his hand while I smiled.

“No biggie. I’m your-- friend right??”

“Ehem” We saw Mara and Christine “Franco, tara na” I immediately removed my hand from his.

She smiled weakly at me. I returned the smile and Franco stood up.

“Pano Mara, Belle. Kayo na muna bahala. I’ll just get Kuya Mark some clothes and tell mommy what happened. ”

Mara nodded and smiled. She went inside the room while I just stood there, watching as the two of them disappeared out of my sight. She’s really lucky to have a boyfriend like him. But I think Franco’s luckier to have her. Perfect. They’re a perfect couple. They held hands as if they’ll never let go of each other. Masaya ko para sayo Franco  



Mara’s POV



“Suki kana dito ahh” Nurse Jazz said as she kept her stethoscope and sphygmomanometer. Mark was just smiling as if he didn’t experience any injury. Tss, makes me want to pinch his wounds  

“Thanks Nurse Jazz. Kelan ako pwedeng lumabas?”

“Get real Mark. You were just admitted for about 8 hours. Besides, the police will come here tomorrow to get some statement from you”

“Kalabaw ka talaga Mark. Ang lakas mo.”

“Shut up Belle, just because I’m injured you could bully me like that.”

They joked, as if nothing happened like we’re on the same situation, a year ago. Belle really shows her ‘maldita’ side when it comes to Mark. They’re friends but Belle really doesn’t care if they’re not. She’s not sensitive on those things that’s why she didn’t bother getting angry with Mark after the..You know.  Nagtampo nga ako ng konti e. I mean, diba??She should be the one to punch Mark hard on his face. Well, maybe Belle has a soft side when it comes to Franco. He and Anton are the only guy friends that she has.
Nurse Jazz went outside the room, and there we are. Quiet again.

“UGH. I should get some air!!” 

“Sa— But before I managed to stop her from going outside, she slammed the door.

I grimaced as I sat down the chair and get my phone inside my bag. I really don’t know now what to do.

I texted Belle to come but I only got “  ” as her reply. Okay, did I say she’s my bestfriend?Talaga??kelan?

“Nakakainis” I whispered.

“Ang cute”

 I glanced at him, and caught him staring at me. He looked away and pretended that he was pertaining to the flowers beside the table. Duh. I know you Mark. 

“Do you need anything?”

“Bakit ata ang bait mo sakin?.”

“Nahihiya lang ako sa pamilya mo. That’s why I do this. Don’t expect more”

“Bakit?”

“I’m a part of it Mark. Every wound you have is because of me”

“Bakit?”

“Wala ka bang ibang sasabihin??!” 

“Uhh..Why?”

Inhale. Exhale. Kalma. Kalma. I ‘ll just go outside breathe fresh air.

“OUCH!!!!” I saw Mark holding his left knee.

“What happened??!” I ran beside him. “Asan ang masakit?” I touched his knee as gentle as possible. Gahd, I really don’t want to see him like this. Nakakatrauma kaya na makita sya na ganito. Oh no, Tears, please stay in place. Stop. Stop. Wag kang iyakin Mara. OA na OA.

 “Do you want me to call the nurse?” I looked up to see him smiling playfully at me.

“Akala ko ba masakit?!” I frowned. 

“Hindi na. Hinawakan mo na e.”

“Nakakainis ka” I hit his shoulder “Ouch!. Easy on that.” By that time, I know he’s not joking anymore.

“Why are you always teasing me like that?  ”

Yes, he’s always like that ever since we’ve met. We often fight but he never lets a day pass without a ‘ceasefire’. He’s immature, an attention seeker, a spoiled brat, a mama’s boy, but I chose to love him despite his imperfections plus his undying pick-up lines.  

“Namiss kita.. SOBRA-SOBRA”

Me too.

Chapter 13



Anton's POV



Empty. That’s how I feel right now. 

I cannot anymore recognize Kris’ face because of the things that the 4 guys did with him when we got in this place, inside the prison.  It was covered with bruises and some swollen parts which mean he had been flogged so many times. He’s not saying anything since we were brought here. And that makes me want to beat him more. The only thing I did is lying. I lied to Mara and keep to myself what really happened. Dinamay lang ako ni Kris. The police really didn’t arrest me in the first place, but he pointed me as the mastermind.  That’s why I’m here. I say what I know whenever they ask me. But they cannot confirm it since that as$hole is pretending to be mute.

“Anton dearest. Hindi kaba masaya ngayon?”
Out of the blue, he said something. But that something made my blood pressure rise again. !@#$%

“O bakit??Isn’t beautiful?? Your life now is like the telenovelas we watch on TV”
I prefer to keep quiet as he laugh devilishly while caressing his wounds. I cannot see his eyes since his eyelids were swollen but that doesn’t interfere with my thoughts that he’s looking at me.

“Isipin mo yun. Dahil sa ginawa kong palabas, akala ni Mara ikaw ang may kasalanan ng lahat. Tapos magkakabalikan sila ni Mark. But do you think there would be a good twist if she realizes that she fell in love with you??Ang miserable nya. She fell in love with the man who ruined her supposed to be happy ending with Mark. What do you think?.”

I tried to get my thoughts away and didn’t bother the stupid things that he said.

“Suplado huh?. But I’m thankful though to ruin a part of your life, since you messed up mine too. I shouldn’t be in here. Quits na diba?”


 


I woke up because of the commotion I heard at the police desk. I stroke my back as I stand up to see why there are so many people inside the police station. Out of the crowd I saw Belle.

I touched the cold bars of the gate and smiled. She immediately went in front of me.

"Belle, naniniwala ka sakin diba?"

"Gags!. Syempre no.Anton mukhang makakalabas kana"

“huh?Pano?”

“See those guys??. They went here after they knew that Kris had been put to jail. Idinidiin na nila yung hinayupak”

“Anak sabihin mo, si Kris yung nagbigay sayo ng drugs diba?” A woman said as she cuddles her son. The boy nodded and I noticed his hands were shaking.

“Pinilit nya po. Sabi nya daw po ibigay ko dun sa mga lalaki sa bilyaran.”

“Sya ho iyon sir! Suspek din yan sa pagrape sa anak ng kumare ko!” Another woman said. 

Hope started to invade in me. A smile now was printed on my face. 
I turn around to look at him. He was just sitting, embracing his knees as he hums a song. Nasiraan na ata ng bait.

“Makakatakas ka sa pulis but not with me. You need to explain all of these.”

“I will. Kamusta si Mara?”

“Do you really want to know?”
I gulped and sighed. “Wag na. Alam ko na”

She’s with Mark right now.  


Mark’s POV



“Good morning kuya!!” Christine said as she put the breakfast on the table beside my bed. 

“Morning” My eyes roamed around the room to see if there is a sign of Mara inside. 

“Umalis na sya kanina” She sat on my bed and looked at me. “Past or present?”

“huh?”

“Kung past or present si Mara.”

I laughed and took a bite of the bread. “Chismosa kana ngayon?”

“Hindi noh! I didn’t mean to hear the things she said a while ago, while you were sleeping”

“Ano sabi nya?”

“As far as I could remember, medyo naluluha sya tas she said something about coming back”

Coming back??coming back to me? What if I’m right? Pero, baka assuming lang ako. Coming back to who?where?what?

“So ano nga? Past or present?”

“Both” She raised an eyebrow “Ang labo naman e!”

She may be my past, but I won’t just give her up. I want to be her present until forever.
I grinned at her and lie down my bed. I covered my face with the blanket and hugged the pillow. 

“Kuya naman e!!! ” 

“Ssshhh!! Be good lil sis. Kuya’s tired.”

“Tired??e kakagising mo lang kaya!! KUYA!!”

“Christine, wag kang makulit”

I heard Franco’s voice.

“O? what’re you doing here?” Grabe, taray ng kapatid ko. She should atleast be happy to see her boyfriend early in the morning.

“Binibisita kayo. Just want to check if you’re okay. Ang laki ng eye bags mo oh”

“I’m alright.”


Christine’s POV




“---------------I can’t..I need to come back.------”

Were the only words I hear as Mara caressed kuya’s hair. I could see in her eyes that she’s hurting.

“Mara”

“O Christine. You’re just in time. Uuwi na ko”

“Salamat Mara ahh. Nga pala, hindi ko na sinabi kay mommy yung nangyari. Baka kasi magtanong sya sayo”

“How did you know that we know each other?”

“Nagkalkal ako sa room ni kuya kagabi. I saw a picture of you two on his table. Marami kang pictures sa loob ng kwarto ni Kuya”

“Ahh. ” She smiled as she looked at Kuya, sleeping soundly. “Sige una nako.”

“Bye. Thanks ulit” I hugged her.

“You’re welcome” she hugged me back.

After a few minutes, I decided to bring breakfast for my brother but I saw Mara’s handkerchief on the sofa. I immediately went outside hoping that I could still catch her up but I saw Franco and Mara talking seriously outside. I was going to approach them but it seems that they’re talking about a confidential thing. So I chose to keep her hanky instead and get the breakfast.
After a while, Franco showed up in the room as I forced to kuya Mark to tell me the status between him and Mara. Minsan na nga lang magtanong e.

“O? what’re you doing here?” I didn’t mean to sound like that. It just came out of my mouth.

“Binibisita kayo. Just want to check if you’re okay. Ang laki ng eye bags mo oh”

“I’m alright.” He was about to kiss me on my cheeks but my senses told me to stop it. “Kumain kana?” 

He just sighed and sat down the couch opposite us. “Yup. I’ve eaten... with Belle”
Belle? Close na close na sila ganun? Nakakainis ahh.  

“Ahh. May paosk ka ngayon diba? I think you should go right now”

“Actually I was planning to skip school today, para tulungan ka”

“No need. I can handle it myself.”

“Pero—

“Franco” I looked at him intently.

“Okay. If that’s what you want.” He gave me a weak smile and left.

“Ang cold mo lil sis.”

“Kala ko ba you’re tired?”

“Bumawi ka sa kanya” He sat down and poked my head.

“What do you mean?”

“You should learn to appreciate the people who loves and cares for you. I don’t want you to regret Christine.”

“Pero Kuya—

“Mahal mo?”

I didn’t manage to speak. Mahal ko naman sya e, kaya ko nga sya boyfriend diba? I love him because he makes me happy.

“Ganto nalang. Bakit mo sya sinagot?”

“DUH! Ang corny na!”

“Bahala ka Christina. Basta I already warned you. Pero kung ang sagot mo sa tanong ko e dahil napapasaya ka nya, well think twice sis.”

“Ba-bakit naman?”

“Hindi kaba masaya kapag kasama mo ko?Hindi ba kita napapatawa pag mag kasama tayo? E pano yung iba mong kaibigan lalaki?? All I’m saying is, you shouldn’t base your feelings if you’re happy with someone or not. May mga taong mas bagay na maging kaibigan lang natin.”

“Iba ka naman e. Syempre kuya kita”

“Bakit Christine, mamahalin mo parin ba sya kapag kulubot at bungi na sya? Mamahalin mo pa rin ba sya kapag nalaman mong may alipunga sya sa paa?”

“Eeeww!”

“Tamo! Nandiri ka..”

“Ahh basta! Kumain kana nga lang!” 

Hindi mo alam kung totoo ang sinasabi o nang-aasar lang  

Chapter 14




Mara’s POV



It was 2 am in the morning. I was awakened by the sound of the vibration my phone created.

*brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr*

“Hello Ma.” I whispered to avoid waking up Mark who was asleep at that moment.
I stood up and scratched my eyes.

“Anak I think you should go home”

“Bakit po??” I went inside the comfort room to avoid whispering.

“Your dad.. He had a mild stroke yesterday.”

“What??! Bat hindi nyo agad sinabi?!” 

“Calm down Mara.”

“Sorry po. Don’t worry I’ll go there in Laguna as soon as possible.. How’s dad?”

“He’s okay right now. O pano anak. Ingat ka sa byahe ha. Tumawag ka na lang ulit. Okay?”

“Yes mom. I love you.”

“I love you too dear”

I sighed and looked at my reflection in the mirror. Mara, you need to be strong. 
It’s a good thing that vacation will start a few days from now, and I have suffered and surpassed the stressful finals. I don’t mind being absent for the last few days of school since clearance thingy and project/hell week is done. Another reason is, I really don’t know what I will do if I would see Anton. I can’t hide the fact that he lied to me and that Mark suffered all along.  Maybe I should cool down before talking to him and clear my mind. I need to rest.

I waited for 2 more hours inside the hospital. I made sure that Mark’s condition is okay so that I won’t worry for him anymore. Anjan naman si Christine e.
For Anton, Belle won’t let him be at prison for a long time. She’ll help him, I know. 

I packed my things and cleared the sofa where I slept. I looked at him before opening the door.
He’s Mark. The one, half my heart belongs to. The other was taken by the man..  experiencing the cold bars inside the prison.



Here comes confusion.  


I’ve learned to live without this guy, while I got used to the company of the other. I love them, both..


I think  

“I don’t want to leave you this way, but right now I don’t know who to choose. Forgive me if we can’t be like we used to be before. Hindi ganun kadali ang lahat Mark. Especially when you know that there’s someone who made you happy and gave you the best. Pinunan nya lahat ng kulang Mark. Pero, alam mo yung pakiramdam na natraydor ka?. Na nag mukha pala akong tanga. Na pati ikaw na mahal ko, nasaktan ko ng hindi sinasadya. Masakit. Gusto ko si Anton, Gustong-gusto. Siguro nga kung hindi to nangyari malamang minahal ko na sya at nakalimutan na kita. Magulo ang isip ko ngayon Mark. I can’t afford to lose the both of you. I can’t. I need to come back “ I moved closer at him and caressed his face.“to the place where the world taught me how to love. Kung saan sa iisang lalaki lang umiikot ang mundo ko.”

Then I kissed his forehead.



Franco’s POV





I woke up early just to visit Christine and Mark in the hospital. I called Christine so many times but only the voice of the operator responds. Bat kasi patay ang cellphone.
Despite of the busy week, I seldom saw her in school and we didn’t talk that much. Palagi syang busy kahit malapit ng magbakasyon. I miss her so much. But it seems that she doesn’t feel the same. Para wala lang sa kanya na hindi kami madalas magkita. Sa bagay, I’m not her priority in the first place. Pinagsiksikan ko lang siguro ang sarili ko sa kanya. 5 years. 5 years ko syang niligawan, sinundan-sundan at sinuyo. I was always left behind. She calls me if she needs someone to talk to or rather make her smile. Ako na ang clown sa buhay nya. Yun lang ang role ko lagi. To relieve her stress and be with her. 
My message tone played.
Quote
From: Belle
   Sorry!! No tutorial ngayon. I’ll be absent. Anton needs someone to help him.  


Eto, ang number 1 fan ko simula pa noon. She’s smarter than me when it comes to academics but I have more experiences, and that’s what makes her admire me even more. Oo. Alam ko na may gusto sya sakin. But she never gave any intention to tempt me. She’s a wholesome girl like Christine, although she’s sweeter and more thoughtful. Hindi ko sya pinapaasa dahil hindi nya naman ako binibigyan ng dahilan para isiping kaya nya lang ako kinaibigan dahil may iba syang intentions.

I smiled as I read her text message. She really doesn’t forget her obligations. Buti nalang tinext nya ko, kundi maghihintay talaga ako sa kanya sa library.
I remember suddenly the scene where I waited for Christine for 3 hours in a restaurant only to find out that she forgot about it. Tss. Wag na ngang isipin.


---after an hour---


I saw Mara walking on the hall. Wala sya sa sarili nya kaya hindi nya ako napansin agad. As we move closer to each other, I saw tears flowing on her cheeks. I felt the need to approach her. That face, the same face I saw inside the library where I approached her to accompany me to RS building. Siya lang ang naisip kong lapitan noon. Oo, dahil maganda sya. But there’s something about her that can make you feel comfortable enough to talk to her.

“Mara, are you okay??”

“F-franco” She wiped her tears and smiled at me.

“Uhm.. Pwedeng humingi sayo ng favor?”

“Oo naman.”

“Samahan mo naman akong magkape”

“Sure!.Basta ikaw”

“Salamat”

We went at the cafeteria while no one talked. I saw how sad she is, even her eyes tell her feelings. 

“You’re hurting, are you?”
She gave a weak smile and sat down.

“Alam mo Franco. I didn’t expect that you would be the one who’ll comfort me in this kind of situation. Thank you for replacing Belle.”

“Okay lang. Pwedeng-pwede mo kong sabihan.”

She was getting something inside her bag. “Nawawala yung panyo ko”

“Here. Use mine. Wag kang mag-alala hindi pa yan gamit”

She smiled and got my handkerchief. I noticed a piece of paper that fell out of her bag. I got it and looked at it.

“Zephiel?”

“Ahh. Oo. Haha. Ano kasi. Fan ako” She said shyly.

"Talaga?Bakit naman?"

"Anong bakit naman??DUH Franco, He's so admirable. I really didn't miss any of his concert"

“Mara may sasabihin ako. Wag kang magugulat”

 “Oo naman. Ano yun?”

“This guy” I pointed the man in the picture while she nodded and looked at me seriously. “Is my..... cousin”

“WHAT?!!!!” She stood up and made a large noise inside. Buti nalang konti lang ang tao.

“Sabi ko wag kang magugulat”
She sat down again while looking around.

“Are you damn serious?”

“Do I look like I’m not?”

“OMG! Totoo nga. Pakilala mo naman ako dali!!!”

“Sige, if I had the chance to see him.”

“Sa bagay, busy yun..Hindi tuloy ako makakapanood ng concert nya this week”

“Bakit naman?? Are you going somewhere?”

“Ahh. No. Haha” She said nervously

“Sabihin na.”

“Wala nga”

“Sige, hindi na kita ipapakilala sa kanya”

“Alright!! I’m going to Laguna”

“Kelan??Bakit?”

“Ngayon. Na-stroke yung daddy ko. Mild stroke. So I need to spend my vacation there”

“and you’re running away.”

“Kinda”

“Do you want me to tell them?”

“No. I mean. If they ask you about it. If not, then keep quiet”

“Okay.”

“O sya sige aalis nako. Magiimpake pa ko e. Thanks Franco!!”

She ran away and waved at me from outside the cafeteria. Muntikan pa syang madapa.

Chapter 15



Anton’s POV


We both sat down the grass as we watch the children playing at the park. Buti pa sila masaya. Pero ok na din. Everything was settled, between me and Kris. He’s there, inside the four corners of the prison while I’m here, breathing the fresh air of the outside world. Well, at the same time suffering the consequences.

“Ang cute nila tingnan parang—

“Parang kayo ni Franco noon?”

“Tse!” She took her wallet inside her bag and left me sitting on the grass” I’ll just go buy some coffee”

I looked at my phone, hesitating to call Mara or not. I don’t know what to do. Ayoko syang mawala.
After a few minutes, she came back.

“Tawagan ko kaya?”

“Don’t bother calling her at this time of the day. She might be sleeping and tired because she stayed at the hospital”

I saw her sipping the cup of coffee while looking at the children. “Asan yung kape ko?”

“Bakit nagpabili kapa?Asa ka naman na ibibili kita, may kasalanan ka pa no”

“Kung makapagsalita akala mo sya ang ginawan ng masama” I hissed and stood up to buy my own. 

“May sinasabi ka?”

“Wala. Bibili ako ng akin”

A thought came in my mind as I walk towards the store. What if she and Mark reconciled and decided to bring back their relationship? Pano ako? Pero, what if she realized that she fell in love with me too?.But the good question is, what will happen next? Will she ever talk to me again? 

I saw Belle from afar, her back facing me. It was her long hair that swayed as the wind blows. Madaling mahalin ang babaeng katulad ni Belle. Thoughtful, maalaga, masayang kasama. Why does my heart chose to fall in love with Mara instead of Belle? I’ve met her long before Mara. But I didn’t feel the same for her as i feel for her bestfriend right now. So why am I making a big deal out of it? May Franco na yan. And I’m still happy though, atleast hindi sya abnormal. Marunong din mainlove.

“Do you think she would want to see me after what happened?”

“I don’t think so.”

“So what shall I do then?”

“You need to wait. Common sense lang Anton. Kahit bata, kapag nag-aaway hindi agad magkakabati. Tayo pa kayang mas matanda sa kanila? Ano yun laro lang? Wait until she’s ready”

“How will I know?”

“Syempre, ano bang role ko dito sa storyang to diba? Aside from being the best friend, I’m also the fairy god mother of either you or Mark or someone else. I’ll tell you when she’s ready or not”

“Kelan pa kaya yun. Kapag masaya na ulit sila ni Mark? O nakahanap na rin sya ng someone else?”

“That’s the saddest part of waiting for something you’ll never know when to come back. It’s still your choice to hold on and to suffer what it might bring. Ang daya no? Hindi mo alam kung tama ang magiging desisyon mo, kung susundin mo ang tama o susundin mo kung anong nararamdaman mo. It seems that we’re walking at a maze, a very dark one where we can’t see anything. A place where we don’t know if there’s a wall that we might bump in to or you’ll find the exit and see the light. ”

Tears suddenly fell from my eyes. I tried to control it but I can’t. I’m just too guilty about it and afraid of something that I might lose along the way. Kaya ko pa bang ipaglaban ang nararamdaman ko?

“Oh bakit ka umiiyak? Isang maze lang yun Anton. Wala naman sinabi na hindi pwedeng magdala ng flashlight diba?. He, from above will guide us Anton. You know who.”

I didn’t waste anymore second to hug tightly the girl beside me. When everything seems to turn their back on you, you’ll find someone who still believes and stays beside you. Either a friend or HIM.



Belle’s POV




Anton and I part ways at last after a long, disgusting hug that he gave me. Tss, mapagkamalan pang boyfriend ko yun. I went straight inside my room and slump on my bed, thinking if I would attend my class this afternoon. Okay, here comes laziness. 2 subjects nalang naman yun e. Wag nalang. Besides, I already informed Franco about it. 

As I stare at the ceilings, I remember the last part of the conversation we had.

“Stop while you can Belle” 

“Huh??”

“You know what I’m talking about. I don’t want to see you get hurt” 

I stopped walking and sighed.

“Tanga nga siguro ako. And the most stupid thing that I ever did is loving someone who can’t love me back. Pero Anton, yun lang ang pwede kong gawin para sa taong mahal ko. I want to be with him even if it means I have to swallow everything when I see him happy with Christine. Masaya parin ako dahil masaya sya at gusto kong kahit papano maging bahagi ng buhay nya kahit katiting lang.” 

Everything I see became blurred because of the tears that fill my eyes. Anton went beside me and put his hand on my shoulders. 

“Hindi naman ako pinanganak para magpakatanga e”

“Look who’s talking”

I sat down from lying and saw my best friend leaning on the wall.

“Alam mo yung salitang ‘pagkatok’ Mara??”

“Why would I knock inside my own room??”

I looked around the room only to found out that I am such a fool to go inside the wrong place.

“Ayyy. O nga no.”

She laughed and immediately sat beside me. Her eyes gazed at my face and saw tears starting to form.

“O?”

“Mamimiss kita Belle!!” Her long arms wrapped around me tightly that I couldn’t move my own arms.

“What the hell is happening to you?”

“I really don’t know what to do without you.”

“Woah. Are you dying?”

“Gags!” She pushed me and pouted like a child.

“E ano nga?”

“Uwi ako samen. My dad had a mild stroke pero ok na sya ngayon.”

“Talaga??! Sama ako!”

“Hephep, how about your summer classes?”

“Oo nga pala. Sayang”
I remember the taste of her mom’s freshly baked cookies and the special mango shake. Namimiss ko na!!

“Dapat kasi nagtext kana lang nung nasa bus kana. Naiinggit lang ako” I stood up and saw her things already packed up.

“That’s really what I planned a while ago. E may adik na biglang pumasok sa kwarto ko e.Spoiler!”

“Oo na, ako na ang pampasira. Do you want me to tell them?”
She suddenly laughed “O bakit?”

“Wala may naalala lang ako sa sinabi mo. Anyway, what do you think?”

“Hmm. No??”

“Wrong! Kontrabida ka talaga. Tell them if they ask you but make sure they’ll never spoil my vacation. I want to rest Belle. Alam mo naman ang sitwasyon e. It’s better off this way”

“Ok”

“How’s he?”

“Ayun. Kakauwi lang din nya. There’s no need to worry anymore”

Chapter 16



Mark’s POV



I’ve been sitting in front of this door for almost an hour and a half, waiting for someone to come. People walking in the corridor look at me and some are grinning like I’m a stupid guy. Oo na, this is stupidity for just waiting outside Belle’s condo unit. I tried to call her many times but she’s not answering her phone. Lalo naman si Mara. Ever since she left in the hospital, I’ve never seen her. Gusto ko lang naman kasi sa graduation ko, nandun sya. Christine's also inviting her. Malapit na kasing mag-18 yun and she decided to have a party.

I sighed and get a pen and paper inside my bag where some of my clothes are in. Dun kasi ako tutulog sa totoong bahay namin. Si Christine kasi e, mapilit. I decided to leave a note to Belle and put the flowers on her front door. But as I put the bouquet of flowers down, I saw someone came out of the elevator. Someone I really didn’t expect I would see.
He looked at me emotionless as he tries his best to walk. He’s perspiring and a little bit pale. Until his hand met the wall to balance. He seemed like he’s going to pass out. 
I ran to him just in time to catch his unconscious body. 

“Anton!” His hot temperature immediately transferred to my arms. I also noticed his right hand swelling. Sino naman kayang sinuntok ng kumag na to.
Belle’s figure materialized and ran towards us when she saw our situation. Anton, lying in my arms.

“Anong nangyare?!”

“Ewan ko. Basta nalang sya nahimatay”
She looked for her keys inside her bag and opened the door. I almost step in the flowers on the floor because of carrying such a heavy load on my back.

“Ang init nya” She said after she touches his forehead.

“Do you have any medicine?”

“I’m afraid I don’t have.”
I carried him to the sofa, still catching for my breath. Bwisit na kamalasan naman. I searched for his wallet inside his pocket.

“What’re you doing?”

“I don’t want to waste my own money on this guy. Sabi mo walang gamot e. Antayin mo ko dito bibili lang ako”

“Thanks”

“May magagawa ba ko?” 
I went outside and ran to the nearest drugstore. But just as I was going to go back, the rain started to fall.  Ako na nga tong tumutulong, ako pa tong dehado. 
Sige, wala na. Basa na rin naman ako e. :|
I dashed back to Belle’s condo while holding the medicine and my phone inside my shirt.

“Akala ko ba bibili ka lang ng gamot. E bakit parang nagustuhan mo pa atang maligo”

“Yeah right.” I said sarcastically as I throw the medicine on her. 

“Peram tuwalya”
She laughed and put the medicine on the table. I looked at the man lying on the sofa, sleeping like an angel. KADIRI ka Mark. San galing yun.
I never expect that I would waste my time on this guy who helped in ruining my relationship with Mara. Pero kahit na ganon, napatawad ko na din sya. Wala na naman akong magagawa e. Although nakakaramdam parin ako ng pagkainis. I want to punch him and throw him outside the building while it’s raining.  

“O towel” She threw the towel directly on my face. 
I get some clothes inside my bag and went inside the cr.
I came out of the comfort room and saw a piece of cloth on Anton’s forehead. I searched for Belle and found her cooking some soup.

“Sabihin mo lang kasi kung naiinlove kana kay Anton”
She looked at me and glared. 

“San si Mara?”

“Bat ko sasabihin sayo”

“Daya.”

“Give me one good reason why.”

“Because I want to invite her to my graduation and introduce her formally to my father..”

“Nye, feeling ka din e. Hindi na kayo no”

“As a special friend. Hindi pa kasi tapos”

“Special friend huh. Ano to high school? Ang mushy mo”

“Ganun talaga. Gaya ka”

“Well, san pa ba pupunta yun, e wala naman yung ibang alam na lugar kundi ito at ang bahay nila”

“Nasa Laguna sya?”

SWERTE.  



Belle’s POV



“You’re lying!” Anton pounded the table that made the spoon and bowl vibrate.
“Goodness Anton!.Why would I lie something about that? He, believe it or not, saved you from falling. If it were not Mark, you could’ve been in the hospital right now! ”
It the priceless expression on his face that made my day  It may look like a sweet revenge of Mark but he did the right thing. He just stared at the bowl of soup in front of him.

 “Tss. Talking about EGO. He did that because he needed to” My eyes landed on his fist “And don’t do that pounding the table thingy again, It’s still swelling”
Right, I could still remember that guy. 

-Few hours ago-
Quote
From: Franco
5 pm at the gym. Need someone to talk to.

I received it an hour before and after reading the message, I hesitated if should go or not. I still have a class at that time and skipping classes would be the least thing I should do in order to pass that subject. I failed to pass my thesis on time because I still have many documents lost, screw my old laptop. 


Think


Think


Think


Alright! You win dear martyr heart. Hindi ko talaga sya matiis  
As soon as the class finished, I hurriedly went to the gymnasium. But as I enter, I saw Anton leaning on the wall.

“I knew it. You’re the one he’s been waiting”

“So?” 

“Nothing. Tara samahan mo ko”

“Are you nuts?” he chuckled

“ No I’m not. You are”

“Takte naman Anton. Stop bothering me and go home!” I walked passed him but he grabbed my arm.

“Para saan? You’ll go there and then again, you’ll get hurt. Tapusin mo na kasi kung anong meron kayo, I really don’t get your logic when it comes to Franco, we have the same situation Belle, I love someone who doesn’t love me back but I do know how to stop and accept my defeat.”

I didn’t speak and he let go of my arm. He just left without saying anything but a loud sigh.
I focused my eyes to the guy inside the gymnasium, my heart skipped as he caught my eyes and smiled.

“Ang tagal mo!”
I gave a fake smile, too far for him to notice and walk towards him.

“Sorry, si Anton kase”

“Ok lang.”
We both felt silent that made me feel really awkward.

“So, what is it that we’re going to talk about?”

“How’s your summer class?” Is he getting away from the question or is it 
really my summer class that he wants to talk about?

“Hmm. Good. Teka Franco—

"You must be stressed, seeing Animales everyday of you vacation. Torture right?” 

He laughed. A fake one.

“Did something happen between you and Christine?”
T@nga talaga. Why did I even ask that stupid question?

“Nakakapagod din pala no?” he chuckled “Yung palagi nalang kayong nag-aaway pero sa huli alam mong ikaw ang talo.”

You’re right. Especially when all the tears you’ve shed is not worth it to make that person realize that you love him. That I love you.  

“Same as God Franco. I’m not as religious as you think but my mother always says that God forgives and forgets all the sins that we’ve done. He never gets tired of loving us even if we continue to disobey Him, but that is only for petty sins. Do you get the point? If He could love us like that, imagine billions of us, and then maybe we can love like that too. Ano pa kaya ang isang matigas na kalooban ni Christine? Over billions, you only chose to love one” and that’s not me  At ano pa kaya ang isang Franco na katulad mo? Surely, I can endure that than loving unconditionally billions of people.

His phone vibrated as a sign that someone’s calling.
“Hello Christine” his voice became happy from the tone of disappointment a while ago.

I chose not to eavesdrop on what they’re talking about but Franco’s face enlightened. After a minute or two, he ended the call and faced me.

“You’re right. Thanks Belle. She said she wants to see me”

“Talaga? W-wow”

“Ahm. So ano-

“No. You better go na. I’ll be fine here”

“Sure? Want me to drive you home first?”

“Kulit ahh. Ok na nga kase. Sige ka, baka mag-away pa kayo kapag nalate ka”

“Right.” He held my hand tightly and smiled[color=indigo ]“Salamat”[/color]
I watch him disappeared while I am left there, sitting at the bleachers. I really didn’t want to go home. Lalo lang akong malulungkot  
I stayed there, for almost an hour, watching the other students play basketball and even volleyball. I checked my watch and found it was already 7. I immediately went outside. I chose to walk at the short cut to the gate. My path was somehow dark and scary. Ayy nako. Hindi ako takot.

“Si Belle Oh. Ganda!!”

I saw three guys blocking my way.

“Ano kaba, baka magalit yung boyfriend nan”

“Gag* wala yang boyfriend”

Bwisit na kupal to ah. Talagang kailangang pag-usapan ako sa harapan ko mismo?  

 “Ahh ganun. Oi Belle, tara gimik tayo”

“No thanks. Excuse me”

“Wait. Sige na, sandali lang naman e”

“Pwede kunin number mo?”

“Libre ka namin. San mo gusto?”

“I said no. Hinihintay nako ng boyfriend ko sa labas” I stepped away from them with my fist ready to punch and my mind set up to run.

“Boyfriend? Sino naman?”

“Ako” A familiar voice said behind me.

“Anton?. Ikaw boyfriend nito?”

“Oo bakit” I looked at him. He smiled and put his left hand on my left shoulder.

“Lakas mo tol. Magbest friend pa talaga. Amin nalang tong isa” They all laughed except the two of us. 

“Sige aalis na kami”

“Wait lang. Sumama nalang kayo samin”

“No need. ”

“I refuse”

“No” He was smiling but I could tell he’s already pissed.

“Sige na”

“Hindi talaga e”

“Pare naman-

And with after a second or two, the stupid guy fell flat on the floor with blood oozing down on his nose.
Anton seized for my hand. We were running as we left the campus. His hands were warm. No, a different kind of warm. As we reach my condo unit, I decided to buy some snacks. Anton went first upstairs. 

AKO NA ANG INUMAGA SA PAG-AUPDATE  



Yaneii, sorry late nako natapos mag edit. haha  

Starr.bucks - HI!!  Ano name mo? salamat ha.

Chapter 17



Mara’s POV



It’s been two days since I arrived at our house and now my mother already gave me a task. You know what it is? Mamalengke. We only 2 have maids for housekeeping and laundry because she doesn’t want me to be a spoiled brat that we used to watch on TV especially in this situation that my father had difficulty in eating and moving half of his body.
So eto, gogora na ang beauty ko sa palengke. Excited nako especially when my mother told me that she would teach me how to cook. I guess, now is my time to grow.  

Teka, nasa probinsya ko ngayon, mag-eenglish pa ba ko?
Hmm. Wag na. Ang pangit pakinggan na nag-eenglish ako tapos bibili ako ng isda at gulay.  
Naglakad ako papunta sa gulayan muna, dun ako unang napadaan e. Nakita ko si Manang Tess na palaging binibilhan ni mommy ng gulay. Nginitian ko sya at lumapit papunta sa kanya.

“Mara?!”

“Manang! Namiss ko kayo!”

“Kamusta?. Dalagang-dalaga kana.”

“Syempre!. Pinapabili po ito ni mommy” Ibinigay ko sa kanya ang listahan ko habang nagkukwentuhan kami. Inutusan nya naman ang anak nyang babae na ibili ako ng isda. Sabi ko wag na pero nagpumilit sya. Gusto nya daw kasing makachikahan ako ng konti at magtanong kasi dun daw mag-aaral ang isa pa nyang anak na lalaki. So ayun, pabor naman sakin kasi ayoko talaga ng amoy sa isdaan. Hindi naman ako sanay e. Nung huling pumunta ako dun, feeling ko dumikit sakin ang amoy hanggang sa makapaligo nako. Arte ba? Pasensya na.

Pauwi nako ng makasalubong ko si Manong Ising na matagal na nagtrabaho samin. Driver namin sya dati pero nagretire na at ngayon e farmer na. Sakay sya ng bisikleta at ngumiti sa akin.

“Ineng, pauwi kana ba sa inyo?”

“Opo”

“Tamang-tama, dun din ang punta ko. Baka gusto mong ipadala na sakin ang mga pinamili mo”

“Naku salamat po Manong. Medyo mabigat nga ho e”

“Pansin ko nga. Hindi bagay sa magandang dalagang tulad mo ang magbuhat ng ganito. Mas bagay sayo sa opis”

“Kayo talaga Manong. Sige po, dadaan lang ako sa may ilog”

Nagpunta ako sa ilog kung saan madalas akong maligo ng bata pa ko. Wala dito ang mga kalaro ko noon dahil nasa ibang lugar na rin sila nag-aaral. Hayy, nakakamiss rin pala.
Masaya dito sa bahay namin. Lalo na sa location. Para sakin hindi sya hacienda pero parang ganun na nga. Nye, gulo ko. Errr.

Pano ko ba idedescribe? Family business namin ang magtinda ng prutas. May rambutan, lanzones, manga at pinya. Tapos si Mommy, teacher. Daddy ko naman engineer. Dalawa sana kami pero namatay daw yung panganay kong kapatid nung baby pa. Heart failure daw  So yun  si Mara Clarisse Ferrer sa bahay. Hmmm. Yung bahay namin, luma yung style, pero pinarenovate na sya ngayon. Dati kasi akala nung ibang bata haunted house daw ang bahay ko.  Enough of reminiscing, naiiyak ako. HAHAHA

Umupo ako sa isang malaking bato habang pinagmamasdan ang pag-agos ng tubig. Natukso akong magtampisaw kaya bumaba ako. Medyo madulas ang tinatapakan ko kaya kailangan kong mag-ingat, kundi baka madu-

“AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!”


las ako.

Sa isang iglap, naramdaman kong basang-basa na ang buo kong katawan ngunit ni katiting na sakit ay wala akong naramdaman.
Bigla kong iminulat ang aking mata.


 0_o




“Sino ka?!!” Tumayo ang lalaki na nakasaklob. Basa din ang damit nya.

“You need to be careful next time. You almost lose your life”

Nagulat ako dahil may tumutulong dugo mula sa mga kamay ng lalaking iyon. OMO, dahil sakin. Dahil sa pagsalo sa ulo ko para hindi ako mabagok, nasugatan ang mga kamay nya :’(

“May sugat ka” Tumayo ako para hawakan ang mga kamay nya. “Thank you ha.”
Nakayuko lang ang lalaking iyon habang natatakluban ang kanyang mukha. Pakiramdam ko, pamilyar ang boses at itsura nya. Sigurado akong nakita ko na sya.

“Walang anuman” Tumalikod sya at naglakad paalis ngunit bigla syang nahimatay sa daan.




----






I woke up and found myself inside an unfamiliar place. It’s hard to neither move my head nor sit to look around because of the pain I feel at the back of my head. I must have pass out a while ago, again. I smelled the scent of perfume which gave me a clue that I’m inside a girl’s room. Ah, Oo. Yung babae kanina sa ilog.

I tried my best to sit down and saw a girl asleep on the couch. Siya yun. Her mouth was half-open as if any minute, a fluid might come out of her mouth. She opened her eyes and stretched her arms. Her eyes widened when she saw me. 

“MA!!!!!!” My eardrums almost broke because of her high-pitched voice.

“Ma gising na sya!!!” she ran outside the room and left me there, still covering my ears.

After a few minutes I saw her with a woman, with the same features as her. Maybe it’s her mom. An old man followed and there, they all look at me, the tall girl, smiling playfully at me as she put some strands of her hair at the back of her ear, her mom who is holding some clothes and the old man, holding a hat.

“Mabuti naman at nagising kana ijo” the old man said “Buti nalang at aking sinundan ito si Mara sa ilog, delikado na ngayon doon dahil madulas ang daan”

Mara?. So that’s her name. It’s too promdi  

“Eto nga pala yung damit mo, tinulungan ka ni Manong Ising nang mahimatay ka sa may pampang.”

Mara sat down on one side of the bed where I am and looked at me worriedly.

“Sorry ahh. You had those wounds because of me” I could tell that she was about to cry because of the look on her face.

“O pano. Iiwan na namin kayo. Mara, ikaw na ang bahala sa bisita natin. Alagaan mo syang mabuti”


“Yes mommy” She closed the door and opened the window of the room. As she opened it, her hair swayed because of the soft wind that touched her face. It was a nice view to look at. Simply beautiful, she could be my leading  lady, AS IF  i wouldn't enter that studio again. NEVER

“Kamusta na ang mga kamay mo?”

I looked at my hand covered with bandage. 

“Naigagalaw ko pa naman”

“Sorry  ”

“You feel bad because if it were not you, I wouldn’t have a wound in my hand and I won’t pass out”

“Sorry talaga :’( ”

“Pero balewala to, dahil mas mahalaga ang buhay mo, kaya don’t feel bad”

She stared at me as If she was surprised on what I said. Fudge.
Don’t tell me she was touched? Besides, it’s just a small wound. Malayo sa bituka, ika nga.

“Akala ko—

“Suplado at walang akong puso, plastic at maangas. Oo ganun ako”

"Hindi naman--

“Don’t worry, sanay na ko”

“Bakit ka nga pala nandito sa Laguna?”

“I’m on a vacation. Nakakastress na din kasi. My cousin said this is the best place to hide. Takas lang ako sa manager ko”

“What??! Pano na yung concert mo?”

I smiled at her “cancelled”



Mara’s POV






TEMPTATION.  

If the beautiful human being on my bed is not asleep, I would freak out and scream like there’s no tomorrow. I’ll hug him and kiss him as much as I want to and maybe I wouldn’t go back to school and stay here forever, beside Zephiel Augusto. 
All the time, I’ve been looking after him. I even took stolen shots of him while he’s sleeping. 
I stared at his face. Haayy, this is too good to be true  This is the 2nd time that I got close to him like this. Natatandaan pa kaya nya ko??
I took out my phone and smiled as I see the perfect picture of me and Zephiel at the backstage.
I remember Franco and his relationship with the angel sleeping on my bed. 
Quote
To: Franco
   Guess who’s inside my room  

Quote
From: Franco
   No need to guess. how’s he?

Quote
To: Franco:
   OMG. You know that Zephiel’s here?

Quote
From: Franco
   Duh.  remember last night when I called you just to ask for your address?. 

Quote
To: Franco
   HULOG KA NG LANGIT FRANCO!  thanks!

Quote
From: Franco
   If ever he does something bad, please bear with it.

Quote
To: Franco
   Hindi naman. He saved me nga e. 

Quote
From: Franco
   Basta. He’s different Mara. Marami din yang kalokohan, tulad ngayon. Tumakas sya sa manager nya. 

Quote
To: Franco
         Don't tell him please. I don't want him to think that i left because i have other reasons. Alam mo na.

Quote
From: Franco
          WHO?

Quote
To: Franco
           Kay Mark



As I press the send button, i know i already had chosen. Please God, let my decision be right.

I didn’t reply anymore because I already feel sleepy. I decided to just sleep on the couch. Whatever Franco, all I know is I’m in heaven right now  
Believe me, I fought the temptation to sleep beside him  
After a few minutes of sleeping, I woke up and saw him already awake. I ran outside because of excitement and there, I talked to him like he’s just an ordinary guy I used to know.

“Kelan ka babalik?”

“Who says I’m going back?. I already called my manager before I ran away. I don’t want to sign another contract anymore and that concert is just a voluntary act, no payment, no paper.”

Now I know that this guy could be as naughty as I could have imagined. Who would've thought? Oo nga pala, that's why they're called ACTORS. 

“That’s why I’m going to stay here as long as want to” he added with a smirk

“ANO?!”

“Oo. I’ll talk to your mom later”

“Pero—

“Now, if you may excuse me. I want to rest.”
Slowly, I opened the door, hesitating to leave my room. Darn, It’s my room!

“Oh and by the way, pakidalhan mo naman ako ng tubig, My throat suddenly went dry. Thanks!”

“Teka lang Zephiel”

“What?” He’s annoyed, the tone of his voice implies it.

“Wala. Sige magpahinga kana ulit”

“Call me Louie. I’m not Zephiel anymore.”

I was surprised by what he said. OMG. Close na kame ganun? 

I don’t know if I would be happy but something tells me that this would be a long and tiring vacation.

Chapter 18



Christine’s POV




“It’s your fault, seriously” He said out of the blue while playing his PSP.

“No it’s not!. It was just an old picture for pete’s sake!”

I slumped on his bed as I stare at my cellphone, waiting for his call. An hour to go and it would be a day, how could he stand it?! 

“But that picture is YOU and your EX. What do you expect? It’s a normal thing to get jealous Christine”

“Owwss. He’s just over reacting.”

“Ahh ganon. So that is why your eyebrows almost collide whenever you see Franco and Belle happy, tapos he’ll approach you but you would push him away and tell him you’re way too busy but the truth is, you are annoyed. You got jealous and you’re just afraid to admit that”

“Asa ka pa!” i hate him for being such a good observer.  

“Talaga. If you always push him too hard, you’ll see..he might not comeback”

Aggravated, he put his PSP on the table and sat beside me. “You” he poked my forehead “are such a spoiled brat”

“Puh-lease” I glared and put my hands on both sides of my cheeks. I checked my phone again and sighed.

“Inaantay naman ang tawag. Why don’t you just swallow your pride and—

“NOWAY! No freakin way!”

“E di yan! Yang pride na yan ang gawin mong escort sa debut mo. Bahala ka nga.”

He left and shut the door.  

Inhale. Exhale. I dialed his number and pressed the ‘call’ button.


















“Christine!” I almost dropped my phone when he returned.

“Bakit?!” I shouted.

He looked at my phone on my hand and smirked. “Mom said you better get ready, gown fitting is in 30 minutes”

“I am! Can’t you see? I’m all dressed up!”

“Sumusunod lang sa utos. Wag kang high blood.” He laughed and before he close again the door, “Looks like someone’s regretting. Konting lambing lang yan  ”

“Shut up!” I throw him the pillow beside me. He laughed and closed the door, but this time, I made sure that the door Is already locked. 

Tss. If I know.  

*calling.. Franco*

My heart skipped as I listen to the tone. Please pick it up. Please.

“Hello Christine” Hearing his voice feels like he wants to see me. I feel that way too. 

“I’m..so sorry”  

“I’m so sorry too. Kalimutan na natin yun. So how’s everything in the hotel?”

“Great. I’ll be choosing my dress. Sana..ano..sana nandito ka”

Here comes the adrenaline rush. ARGH!! Why is it so hard to say those things? Cheesy moments daw sabi ni kuya, ang landi talaga nun, daming alam sa buhay. I’m not into words, I tell you.

“You want me to go there?”

“Hmm. Sana.”

“Wait for me.”

“Sige ingat ka.”

“Don't worry dadating agad ang escort mo. I love you”

After the short call, I noticed that I’m smiling. “I love you too” I muttered but too far for him to hear. How long has it been since I said those words in front of him? Having the fact that I can’t remember anymore means that it’s been so long. Right, I’m acting too immature for him. 

Mark’s right, I always get jealous. I am always annoyed and I sometimes think that I should get Belle out of Franco’s life. 13 years ago, I remember what I felt when one of my classmates said that she wants a doll like mine too. Child’s little b!tchy act, I became over possessive with my doll, I always brag about it and never let anyone borrow it. Funny thing is, I have the same feeling right now.

I picked my bag and went straight to my mother’s room. We, together with my asungot na kapatid went on the boutique, a family friend of ours.

After a few minutes of kamustahan portion, the designer showed me different kinds and styles of gown. He said I can wear whatever I like. So I fit the gown that I first grab.

1st gown
“Fantastic. You look like you’re flying” He snorted and Mom told him to shut up. Bakit ba sya nandito??!  

2nd gown
“You’re not attending some kind of awards night, dear” Mom stated.

3rd gown
“Seriously.  7th birthday?” Mark said with a disgusting look on my gown.  My bad, I didn’t notice the hello kitty design  

4th gown
 “Dull” The designer said as he made a disappointed look.


5th gown


Down to the 6th.



Mark’s POV




Watching my sister fit her gown was fun  believe me. I spent almost an hour of consuming so much air inside my body because of laughing.
I excused myself and started roaming around the hotel. I didn’t bother calling Mara anymore. Wala lang.









Coz I can go to her house anytime I like. Good thing Christine chose this place. What a good coincidence that she’s also here in Laguna.  

I inhaled the fresh urban air that caressed my skin. As I stare at the view of the sun setting in, I saw a familiar figure walking on the street. That long wavy hair, I can’t be wrong.
I ran towards her but she disappeared.

Malik-mata, kala ko si Mara.

Slowly, I started going back to the hotel enjoying the beautiful view of the colors of the sky, arranged, and blended perfectly.

“Ouch!” A guy, with a cap bumped me. “Sorry!” He bowed and ran again.

An object, shimmering on the road got my attention. I picked it up and studied the heart-shaped pendant, parang nakita ko na to?. It belonged to the guy that bumped me a while ago. I searched for him but he was nowhere to be found.
Oh well, finders keepers right?. 

As I turn around to walk again, I got frozen to where I stand. With worried and exhausted look, she was running towards me.
“Mara”
She stopped on her track and was totally surprised to see me. Her eyes widened as she said my name “Mark?! Anong ginagawa mo dito?!”

Chapter 19





Belle’s POV





Crap. Ansakit ng ulo ko. 

The rays of the sun that peaks through my window hit my face. This is my first time waking up with a hangover but this is not my first time to get drunk. Engot kasi yang si Anton e. Nagyayang maginuman daw kami. I wonder if he got home safe. Matawagan nga.
My hands searched for my phone beside my pillow without opening my eyes. But what made my whole body alive is something different that I touched. It’s soft and warm like..like a




    




I got up from bed and saw “ANTON?!!!!!” 


Holy fudge. What the hell is he doing here?!      

“HOY GISING!!!!” 

OMO. I closed my eyes to remember every little thing that happened last night. No, it can’t be. We didn’t ‘do’ that.
Quote
Author’s Narration

It was past 12 am, everyone in the building was now asleep except Belle and Anton. Both of them were laughing and savoring the sweet taste of the liquor they had been drinking. “A way of celebrating our defeat”, this is what Anton said. 
As the effect of the liquor slowly invades their body, they became too reckless, fearless and aggressive. 

“You know what’s special on this day?”

“Me?”

“Tss. Assuming. This is our 2nd year anniversary!”

“WTF. Are you serious?”

“Two years ago I met you on the sports building. I saved your life” He laughed and drank the last shot “I accidentally hit your head with a basketball”

“Oh Please, the only thing you did is carry me to the clinic. Wait a minute” She leaned closer to him “You actually noted that day?”

He looked at her and smiled. “Because you’re so thin that I can’t get you out of my head that day”

“Blahblah. Sinong niloko. You said you did that because you had—

“A crush on your bestfriend?. Tama ka. Pero ikaw naman ang una kong nakilala diba.”

“Oo nalang” She stood up to get some water but she felt that her whole world is spinning. Carelessly, she collapsed on the couch, her head on Anton’s lap.

“HAHA. Lasing na sya”

He moved his head towards her and stared on her closed eyes. “Ang haba pala ng pilik mata mo. Akalain mo yun” He scanned her face until his eyes arrived on her soft, red lips.
The need to put his lips on hers came on his mind. With a matter of seconds, she felt something warm on her lips. She opened her eyes.



And kissed him back.

Reality sinks in. My hand voluntarily touched my lips as I look at Anton. 
NO.
“NO!!!!!!!!!”



Anton’s POV


I was taken aback as I saw myself inside Belle’s room. Takte, anong nangyari?.

“Anong ginagawa ko dito sa kwarto mo?”

“Ako dapat ang magtanong nyan!. Bakit ka nasa kwarto ko?!”

Flashbacks of the things that happened last night entered my mind. 
Quote
Author’s POV


After he kissed her, she fell asleep on his lap. Anton gazed at her angelic face and caressed her hair. This is wrong, he thought.

Using all his strength and a little bit of self-control on his spinning world, he carried her inside her room. As he laid her down the bed, Belle’s grasp on his shirt was irremovable. 



Then, his body chose to stay.

I laughed, realizing how stupid I am a while ago to think that something happened between us. Silly thoughts. 

“Anong nakakatawa?” She said annoyingly 

“Sorry. I didn’t mean to sleep here. Lasing na lasing nako kagabi.”

She glared and went inside the bathroom.

“Ang cute mo pag bagong gising!” I teased her.

I looked down on my feet and saw that my shoes are still there. Tama, it’s out of my control. After a few minutes inside her bathroom, she went straight in the kitchen without looking at me. Hayy, can’t blame her for feeling awkward.

I followed her to say goodbye and apologize again.

“Oi Belle”

“Ano?!” She turned around to look at me but my eyes chose to stare at her lips.

Gulp.

“Pa-pagamit ng banyo” I was stuttering and immediately went inside the bathroom and washed my face. 

Anton, anton. That kiss happened out of your control. Dude, she’s your friend alright?.
I heard a knock on the front door. Sino naman kaya yung bisita ni Belle ng ganito kaaga. Sa bagay, it’s already 9 am. Si Franco?
Tss. Wag sana sya.

“Anton bilis magtago ka, andito sina mommy at daddy. Patay tayo!!” She hit my door several times. 

Fudge. Pag nga naman minamalas.

Lumabas ako at nakita kong nagpapanic na sya. 

“Relax. Wala naman tayong ginagawang masama e”

“You don’t understand!. My Dad is different!”

“Belle!” A voice of a woman called.

“Bilis magtago ka sa kwarto ni Mara!”

“Ayoko nga. Walang hindi nadadaan sa maayos na pag-uusap  ”

“UGH. Bakit ba ang hirap mong ispelengin?!  ”

“Tara, ako na ang magbubukas ng pinto.”

Chapter 20



Mara’s POV




“Mark?! Anong ginagawa mo dito?!”
K, stupid question. Bakit sakin ba tong lugar na to, sakin?? Binili ko na, binili??

“uhh. Masama” He gave a beautiful smile which implies enthusiasm.

“Hi—ndi naman. Haha” I said nervously. 

“Nga pala”  

Yes? I love you too  

“Mara—

“Mara!!!!!” I saw Christine heading towards us. “Thank goodness I saw you here. Eto ohh”

Great interruption, sayang baka yayayain akong mag-lunch.  Malisyosa.
She handed me an invitation. “Birthday mo pala sa Saturday.”

“Yup. And I expect you to go there”

“Oo naman. Pupunta ko kahit hindi mo ko iinvite  ”

“Great!. Sama ka samin mag-lunch”

“O—hindi pwede e” 

I need to find my lost dog , si Louie  

“Bakit?”

“May gagawin pa ko e. Next time nalang.. Sige babye!!”

I waved at them and run as fast as I could. Nakakainis naman si Louie, wrong timing mag-inarte. Sa bagay, If I were him, I would run for my life. I can’t imagine myself chased after somewhat wild, hungry fans. So, san ko hahanapin ang mokong na yun?

My attention was caught by a flower shop, its inviting design and beautiful flowers might release the stress I have for spending an hour finding that pain in the ass, brat. Gosh, I can’t believe saying these awful things. I was once an obsessed fan of him but now I guess I need to forget that part of my life. Kalimutan nyo na yun ha  

“Bawal tumingin ang hindi bibili”

A voice of a girl said behind me. I glared and turn around to see the face of the arrogant girl. Instead of yelling at her, I was speechless by her intimidating look. Ano to Diyosa?

“Bawal tumitig baka mainlove” She laughed and hugged me. Wait a minute. SINO TO??

“Ahm Miss. Do I know you?”

“Do I know you ka jan. Paenglish-english ka na ngayon.. Ako to si Andrea”

Andrea, Andeng na kalaro ko ng bahay-bahayan dati?!

“An-andeng??”

“Ako nga!! Miss na miss na kita Mara!!”

“OMG. Sorry hindi kita agad nakilala”

She changed a lot. Grabe, pambeauty queen ang gayak ng lola mo. 

“So how’s life?”

“Hmm. Good. Ang boring sa Cebu, kaya bumalik ako dito”

“Ang ganda-ganda mo Andeng. Naku siguro may boyfriend kana noh?”

“Hahaha. Wala nga e”

Just so you know, Andrea is my childhood best friend. 

After 5 hours (bilang talaga e no) of chatting, I almost forgot about my dog.  
“Babye Andrea. Punta ka samin tomorrow ha? My mom would be happy to see you”
“Sure!” 

 Now, where on earth could that guy be??
It’s already 7 pm and still, I can’t see any trace of Louie. 
Until..

“Gusto ko ng mamatay!!!” A hopeless, drunk man shouted while lying on the street. I can’t see the face of the man because of the lights of the cars passing by. Goodness! Don’t tell me it’s—

No, I’m sure it’s not Louie. HAHAHA.. What a shameful brat he is if ---

“Hoy! Tumayo ka nga jan sa daan. Gusto mo na bang mamatay??!” The driver of a familiar black car parked on the sidewalk. Bwiset na lasing to ahh. Naku kung kaibigan ko to, babatukan ko to ng isa e.

“Oo gusto ko ng mamatay!!”
I passed by them but-

“MARA!!! HOY!!” Someone held my arms tightly or may I say hang on my arms.
“Ouch! Sino ka— LOUIE??!!!!”

I removed his hands off my arms. He collapsed again on the floor. Fudge. The drunk, hopeless guy is him  

“Need help?”

“No thanks— MARK?!!”

“You don’t need to shout. Kilala mo pala tong lokong ‘to”

“Unfortunately, yes”

“Tara tulungan mo kong isakay sya sa kotse”

And yes, the driver of the car a while ago is Mark. 
Louie is on the backseat, snorting with saliva on the edge of his mouth. Tss. Disgusting. What if I took a photo of him like this and make a fan page with that picture as the primary photo? What do you think haters? Hahaha. Haters of Zephiel nako ngayon. Oo, ngayon lang.   
“You didn’t tell me you’re babysitting.” He smiled and looked at the rear view mirror.

“No I’m not!.”

“San tayo?”

“Sa bahay namin”

“Bakit?”

He took a glance on me and put back his focus on the road. Oh no, what to do? What if he thinks that Louie is a family member? Kakahiya. Or worst, what if he thinks that Louie’s my suitor? 

“You see Louie is not a family member. He’s just a visitor and Franco’s cousin. He just happened to be at our house because, believe it or not, that guy saved my life with this pamysterious effect of a cap and a jacket like some kind of an action star, takas lang daw yan sa manager nya. And then, diba I saw you a while ago? I was chasing after him because—

He laughed all of a sudden 

“Anong nakakatawa?”

“Ang daldal mo kasi”

“Sorry. Sabi ko nga tatahimik na”

“Wag. Namiss ko nga yun e”

I bit my lips to stop it from smiling. Tae. Kinikilig ako :”>

“Gusto ko ng mamatay!!!!”

!@#$% There goes again Louie and his drama effect. Panira talaga  

“Tumahimik ka nga!!”

He sat straight on the car and looked at Mark.

"Hoy Mara, hindi mo sinasabi may boy friend ka pala” 

“Bakit close tayo??”

“Eto naman!.”

And we spent the whole time in the car yelling at each other, with Mark as the referee.  



Anton’s POV




Now I know the feeling of being in a purgatory. I was sitting erect opposite Belle’s dad. He’s a dragon, I’m telling you, not to mention her Mom. If only you could see how red my face is because of the slap I got from her Mom. 

Silence. But the silence kills me even more especially when there are two people like them staring at you.

Sana pala nagtago nalang ako sa kwarto ni Mara. Malas.

“Mom, Dad wala naman po kaming ginagawang masama e”

“Patawarin kayong dalawa. Dad! Ang anak natin!!” She cried like someone I used to watch in dramas. Oo nanonood ako nun.  

“Wag kanang umiyak. Ako ng bahala” His dad then focused his deadly stare on me and pounded the table “Isang tanong isang sagot, mahal mo ba ang anak ko??!”

“Ahm. Sir. Kasi po”

“Isang sagot lang ang hinihingi ko!!”

“Dad!”

“Tumahimik ka Belle. Usapang lalaki to”

“Opo. Ma-mahal ko po ang anak nyo..” I looked at her saw her eyes widened because of bewilderment. “Mahal ko po si Belle”
And saw how her face turned red.

“Good. Pag ikaw may ginawang masama sa anak ko, magsisisi ka. Naintidihan mo?!”

“OPO!”

Chapter 21



Mara’s POV



Rise and shine  I got up from bed and immediately went to the room next to mine. I peeked through a hole in the door to check if the crazy, hopeless, drunkard is still sleeping. 
Poor him though. He said he wants to die. Maybe being an actor brought so many failures in his life. I wonder what it is.

I eat my breakfast in the kitchen together with my mom and dad. I told them Andrea’s coming today, that’s why my mom thought of preparing a special meal for lunch. I said I will cook but she refused. She worries that I will murder the food  

After a few minutes, the black car last night parked in front of our house. Anong ginagawa dito ni Mark? Ang aga namang manligaw  

I chose to stay inside and look at him at the window but what surprised me is, he opened the door of the car for someone. Kasama nya si Christine?

I went downstairs and opened the door before they could knock. A pretty girl was the first one I saw, it was Andrea.
“Mara!!” She hugged me and I hug her back. I really can’t recognize her at first glance. The memory I had with her was 10 years ago, we were both young and messy. Uhugin pa kumbaga.
I saw Mark holding a bouquet of flowers, smiling sweetly at me. Fudge. Tama na po, I’m melting  

I stare at him and reminisce all we had before. This is the same feeling I had. I know it. I just got to be sure.

“Pasok kayo. Tatawagin ko si Mommy”

I hurriedly went into the kitchen and told mom that Andrea is already here, with Mark. Yes, they know about Mark. 

You know why? Because of the self-confidence he has, 2 years ago he went here at our house to get permission to my dad if he could court me. I was really shocked by that time, because we always quarrel in school but I find him attractive though. I thought I would never like him. I thought he was an enemy.

Mom and Dad gave their trust to him. 

“Magkakilala na pala kayo”

“Yup. I was almost lost a while ago. She helped me”

“Kala ko si Christine yung kasama mo kanina”

“Teka lang ahh. Christine Velasco?”

“Yup. Kilala mo din?”

“Oo. She went in our shop yesterday morning. She’s nice. She even gave me an invitation”

“Friendly talaga yun”

“E bakit ka nga ba nandito Mark?”

“Masama?”

“Hindi. E bakit nga?”

“Gusto ko lang”

I stare at the flowers that he was holding. He looked at it too and smiled.

“San mommy mo?”

“Sa kitchen bakit?”

“I’ll just give her these flowers”

He went straight in the kitchen and Andrea and I were left. She sat beside me and nudged me while smiling playfully.

“So HE is MARK.  ”

“Oo sya yun” I told her about my college life yesterday and that means my love life counts too. That is why we spent 5 hours chatting. I also knew about her ex-boyfriend but she didn’t detail it all. She said they broke up because of her boyfriend’s career. Well, if I were the guy, I will certainly regret letting her go. I mean, Andrea is a complete package. 

“Yieeee. Ang sweet naman ng boyfriend mo. Binibigyan ng flowers ang nanay mo. HAHAHA”

Si Mark? Sweet? Asa. Kaya ko nga sya nagustuhan e. Kakaibang nilalang.

“Hindi ko sya boyfriend no.”

“Dun din naman ang punta nun e”

“Hoy Mara!” That irritating voice, I knew it!. Gising na si Louie.  

Andrea and I both looked at him. I saw him froze on his spot. 

“ANO??!”

He was staring at Andrea. Ahhh. Alam ko na Baka na love at first sight sa kaibigan ko  Oh well, sasabihan ko na habang maaga ang kaibigan ko. Better be sure than sorry. 

“O bakit Louie? Tawag mo ko diba??”

He didn’t speak. I looked at Andrea who was also dumbfounded. Okay, these guys are scaring me out.

“Mara.. Aalis muna ko ha? Babalik nalang ako next time.” She said as I saw tears forming in her eyes.

“Ha??”

She ran outside before I could manage to stop her.

“I smell something” Mark went beside Louie and put his hand on Louie’s shoulder “Magkakilala ba kayo ni Andrea?”

The three of us decided to talk in the garden Louie admitted that he knows Andrea. More specifically, Andrea’s ex- boy friend is Louie. 

Tss. Of all the people, why Louie?!  Kidding aside, I think he still loves her.

“So why did you decided to end it ?”

“Pagod na daw sya e.. You know I’m a celebrity, I have shows and I’m always busy. I still find time to be with her pero kulang parin. Another thing is about my leading ladies. She can’t stand watching me flirting on cam. Mahirap lang talaga siguro para sa kanya”

“She doesn’t understand your situation. That’s it”

“Are you telling that it’s her fault?”

“Kinda. She should be more considerate about it, after all she chose to love a celebrity.”

“If I were on her shoes, I would do the same!”

“Oo nga. Because you girls are always self-centered. You always think that you’re the one who’s hurting”

“We’re not!.”

“Siguro some of you. Pero Ikaw, Oo”

“Asa kapa!”

“Talaga naman”

“Teka lang nga. Bakit napunta na ata yung issue sa inyong dalawa?. Kami naman muna ang bida pwede?”

“Eto kasing lalaking to e”

“Nagagalit ka dahil tama ako”

“Ayy hindi din”

“GUYS!. Why don’t you just shut up and help me?!”

As requested, I kept my mouth shut and give Mark a deadly stare.

“Ano bang gusto mong gawin?”

“I want...to say sorry”

“Say sorry ka jan.. If I know you want her back”

“Malay mo gusto lang talagang mag-sorry, Wag ka ngang pabida”

“E yun naman talaga ang gusto nya e. ”

“Talaga? How can you be so sure?”

“Alright! Enough of you two!.” He shouted and sat on the chair 

“I want her back”

Belat ka ngayon Mark  


Gaahhd I miss this  



Franco’s POV



It’s been 15 minutes passed 3, and Belle is late. Ang queer naman. She was never late. After a few minutes I saw her entered the cafeteria. I waved at her and she went immediately at the table where I’m in. 

“Sorry ahh. Nasa amin kasi sina Mommy at Daddy kaya nahirapan akong magpaalam.. Bilisan lang natin ha?”

“No prob. Eto ohh”

She looked puzzled and read what’s inside.

“Are you sure about this?”

“Ha?”

“I mean. Ang thoughtful naman ng girlfriend mo. Buti naalala kami”

“Nga e.. So ano, kelan kayo pupunta?”

“Hmm. Hindi ko pa sure. Magpapaalam pa ko. Pero I’ll stay in Mara’s house if ever.”

“Great. She expects you two to come.”

“Thanks” 

“Thank you din”

“Para saan?”

“Sa ano”

“Ano?”

“Sa friendship”

“Sus. Kaw pa. Antagal na kaya kitang kilala”

“Kaya nga importante ka sakin”

“H-huh?”

“Kaya gusto ko mapunta ka sa tamang lalaki”

“Bakit ganan ka magsalita?”

“Kasi nga kaibigan kita”

My phone vibrated as the message tone plays. I checked it and read the message.

“Siguro nga mas mabuting ganto nalang tayo” I barely heard what she said

“Ha?”

“Wala.”



Chapter 22

Mara’s POV



Our garden, in just a few hours turned into a restaurant in a first class hotel.

“Are you sure this is going to work?”

“I don’t know. Why don’t you ask the crazy girl behind this?”

“Crazy? Baka kainin mo lang yang sinabi mo.”

“Whatever”

“So I’ll repeat the plan. I’ll go to Andrea’s house and invite her to have a dinner with us. Then , I’ll take her here instead. Now Louie, that’s your part. After that, there would be fireworks. Got it?”

“Cliché and baduy. Pwede na ding pagtyagaan kesa wala”

“Sige Louie, mang-insulto kapa.”

I glared at him and he smiled and made a peace sign.

“O insultuhin mo pa daw”
Isa pa tong bwisit na to. Dapat hindi nako kinikilig dito e.

I prepared for my job tonight and went to Andrea’s house. To my surprise, she wasn’t there. I called her but no one answers the phone.

My ringing tone played and I answered it immediately without reading the name of the caller. 

“Andrea? Asan ka na?”

“Nandito sa inyo”

“Mark?”

“Yo”

“Anong sinasabi mo?”

“Nandito na si Andrea sabi ko. Pumunta kana dito dali.”

I rushed back to our house and found Mark peaking and hiding on the leaves of the bushes.

“Hoy!” I hit his shoulder with my hands

“Aray! Ano?!”

“San si Andrea? Patingin nga.” I peaked also to where Mark was awhile ago 
“Usad pa ng konti” I pushed him with my arm.

“Naks naman si Louie ohh.,Nakaakbay agad :”> Ang swerte niya kay Andrea”

Swear! I even saw them hugging each other with Andrea, smiling but teary eyed. Aww. Ang sweet. Akalain mo yun, may nainlababo kay Louie.  

“Mark—

I found myself alone and then the music started to play. He came back and I smiled to him 

“Akala ko uutusan pa kita e. Good boy”

I return back, watching as the two dance.

*poke*

“Ano?”

*poke*

“Ano nga?!” I looked at Mark and saw his hands in front of me. 
“Sayaw din tayo”

“Ayoko nga”

“Ay nako Mara”

“Ayoko nga sabi”

But he pulled me, making me stand up. He put my hands around his neck and his around my waist.

“Sabi ng ayoko e”

“Gusto mo din naman. Besides, you’re dancing with me now”

“It’s because I don’t want you to look pathetic in front of the readers”

“Well I think because you really just wanted to. Mandadamay kapa”

“Bahala ka”

“Seize fire muna tayo pwede?”

He hugged me while we were dancing..

“Maghihintay ako hanggang sa makapagdesisyon ka. Whatever it is, I’ll accept it”

Chapter 23


Belle’s POV


His expression turned uneasy from being excited before he read what’s inside the velvet envelops. 

“Bakit pati ako iniimbitahan ni Christine?”

“That, I really don’t know. So ano?”

“I’m not coming”

“What?! Nakakahiya kung hindi ka pupunta. Umayos ka nga”

“Sabihin mo may sakit ako”

“Papagsinungaling pa ko. Don’t you think it’s time for you to—

He looked at me with eyebrows raised, waiting for me to finish what I’m saying. Actually, I really don’t know if what I’ll say is right. 

“For me to?”

“To..fix things with Mara”

“Right”

Silence filled the atmosphere between us. I just look at him while he watches the soccer team practice on the field.

Honestly speaking, I really don’t want to go. If it would be that easy to just reject the invitation, but the fact that Franco invited me personally makes it difficult. 

Of course I miss my best friend so much. But when I think of what will happen when Anton sees her, it bothers me inside. I don’t know why I feel like this. 

“You”

“Me?”

“Do you want me to go?” 

I was surprised by what he said. 

What if I say, don’t go? 

Pero, alam ko na maaaring sa pag-uusap na yon, it’s either magkaayos sila as friends ulit or as lovers  


Anton’s POV



Two days and it would be a month. Ang bilis ng panahon. 

Especially when you’re always with a person who always makes things easier for you. She slowly takes away the pain, that feeling whenever I think of Mara. I just couldn’t understand.

Now I’m asking her what I will do.

“Do you want me to go?”

It took a moment for her to answer.

If you say don’t, I won’t go.

She sighed and smiled at me.

“Pumunta ka Anton. Ayusin mo kung anong dapat mong ayusin.”

I nodded. But no matter how I hide it, I feel disappointed.

There’s a part of me that says I need to go and mend things with Mara. I hurt her, and Mark because of this stupidity I have. But a coward me says, I just need to wait till she comes back and face what I’m in right now, with Belle.

“Sabay tayong pupunta. Pero I’ll stay in her house and you will stay in a hotel. Got it?”

She smiled and already fixes her things.

“Hihintayin kita”
Chapter 24

Mara’s POV

“BELLE!!!!!!” We hugged each other with tears forming in my eyes. Gahd, I miss her so much.

“Mara..Namiss kita”

“Me too. Tara sa loob.”

We put her things inside my room, of course with Louie’s help. She almost freaked out when she saw Louie. I mean, who won’t? 

It’s dinner time when she came so after eating, we decided to watch movies in my room. And at the same time, girl talk  Matagal din kaming nagkahiwalay, so we need to catch things up between us.

Syempre, kinuwento ko pati yung tungkol kay Mark pero

“Si Mark...sya ba ang pipiliin mo?”

“Sa totoo lang kasi..Ayokong magdesisyon agad. I need to talk to Anton..Sayang”

“Bat sayang? Kasama ko sya dito. Nasa hotel sya ngayon”

“Talaga?”

“E di makakapag-usap na kayo”

“Kamusta sina tita?”

Kasi nagtataka talaga ako sa nanay nya. Tumawag kanina e  

“Yun na nga e. Takas lang ako”

“G-ganun?”

“Oo. Bat ka kinakabahan?”

“E kasi.—

If I’m not mistaken, it’s been two hours since her mom called me. She asked if Belle’s here in my house. But she begged for me not to tell her that she called. So kaya pala.

“WHAT?!OMG. pano kapag sunduin nila ako? Hala.”

“E bat kasi hindi ka nalang nagpaalam ng maayos”

“Hindi nila ako papayagan kapag nalaman nilang kasama ko si Anton”

“Si Anton? Bakit naman?”

“W-wala”

“Owwsss”

“Wala nga. Nood na lang tayo”

Masaya yung movie na pinapanood namin, lovestory na comedy. At ngayon, nasa part na kami ng nagkiss yung guy at girl.. SHETS. KILIG  

I saw Belle, looking serious at the scene while holding her lips. HAHAHA. Nadala ata.

But she shook her head and grabbed the remote. Know what she did? 

“BV ka! bat mo pinastforward!!  ”

“Ehh! Kadiri kaya”

“Weh. E dati naman nanonood tayo ng ganan tapos hindi ka naman OA makareact. Kinikilig ka pa nga e”

“W-wala lang”

“Umamin ka nga Belle. May tinatago ka sakin no?“

Kanina si Anton. Tapos ngayon yung Kiss. Teka—

“Hindi kaya, may kababalaghan kayong ginawa ni Anton?”

“Engot! Wala no!”

“WEH.”

“Bahala ka. Tutulog nako.”

She quickly lied down my bed and covered herself with the blanket. Tama ang hula ko—

“Anong pakiramdam ng first kiss? Kainggit e”

“Pano mo nalaman?!!!!!!!!”

“Gotcha!  ”

Chapter 25

Mara’s POV




This is it. Ngayon ang party ni Christine. 

Belle decided to walk inside first and find Anton. She said it would be better if we settle things up before the party. So here I am, sa garden waiting for him.

Naalala ko pa yung reaksyon nya kagabi. Hay nako. Who would think na magkakaayos pala yung dalawa. Medyo nakakailang lang. Kahit wala namang inaamin sakin si Belle, alam kong gusto na nya si Anton. Siguro sign na to.

*Ring tone*

“Hello Mark”

“San ka?”

“Basta.”

“San nga?”

“Basta nga. Pupunta naman ako dyan e. Wag kang atat”

“Ay nako. Bilisan mo ha”

“Bakit ba??”

“Basta”

“Tss. Sige na Babye”

“Bye. I love you”

“Ok”

“Walang I love you too?”

“Meron.”

“O nasan”

“Bye!”

Binaba ko na yung phone.  

I just sat there for almost half an hour but there’s no sign of Anton. Asan na yun? I stood up and ready to walk inside but—

“A-Anton?! “

He was there, standing behind me.

“S-sorry”

“Teka, kanina kapa ba dyan?”

“Medyo”

“E bat hindi mo man lang ako tinawag?. Lechak, nilalamok nako e”

I slapped my arm and scratched it. There were rashes because of mosquito bites. Hayy.

“Sorry”

“Upo ka”

“Wag na. Inaantay ka na ni Mark e”

“P-pano mo—

“Nakalaoud speaker ka kanina”

OMO. Takte naman ohh. Nakakahiya.

I heard him chuckled and I smiled back. 

“Oi Ferrer nakakamiss ka din pala”

He hugged me like we’ve never seen each other for years. 

“Bati na tayo ha.”

“Oo naman.”




Chapter 26



Mark’s POV


I was waiting for Mara at the lobby but my attention was caught by a woman, asking about Christine’s Party.

“Excuse me po. I’m Mark, christine’s brother. Bisita po ba nya kayo?”

”No. I was just looking for my daughter. Do you know, Belle Rodriguez?”

“Ah opo. Gusto nyo po, hahanapin ko nalang sya, tapos papapuntahin ko sya dito”

“Naku thank you ha.”

“No problem po.”

I searched for Belle inside the venue, but I can’t find her. Kung nandito na si Belle, ibig sabihin nandito narin si Mara. Tss. Hindi man lang nagtext or tumawag. 

I saw a girl at the balcony. Baka si Belle yun.

“Ehem”

She looked around but when she saw me, I saw tears flowing down her cheeks and her face looking surprised to see me.

“M-mark”

“Bat ka umiiyak?”

“Wala to. Tara na sa loob”

“Teka muna, andun sa lobby” I went beside her and looked at the garden. “yung mommy mo—

Asdfghjkl. Si...Si Mara at Anton ba yun? Magkayakap?

“Mark—

“Isabella!!”



Belle’s POV


!@#$%

Pag nga naman minamalas, nakita ni Mark.. At sa sobrang malas, nakita din ni Mommy


Na magkayakap si Mara at Anton.  

Hindi ko alam kung anong pinag-usapan nila, pero ang saya-saya nilang tingnan. Mark was just standing there, and saying nothing when I left with my mom. Yes, she dragged me outside and now, we’re on our way back.

I sent Mara a message to tell what happened but, FUDGE. My phone went dead. BWISIT.

“Belle, bakit hindi mo sinabi na boyfriend pala ni Mara si Anton.”

“Mommy, hindi po—

“Grabe kang bata ka, papano kapag nalaman ng bestfriend mo na masyado kayong malapit sa isa’t isa ng boyfriend nya?”

“Mommy naman e”

“Sinasabi na nga ba hindi mapapagkatiwalaan yung lalaking yun e”

“Ma!—

“Aba, at sinisigawan mo na ko ngayon.”

“Hindi naman po sa ganun”

At eto ang mahirap sa lahat, ang  sumingit sa pagbubunganga ng nanay ko. Haayyyy. Bukas nalang siguro. 


 Ano ng mangyayari sa best friend ko?!  
Chapter 27


Mara’s POV




Gusto nyo bang idescribe ko in one word ang party kagabi?


BORING


Yup. Dahil kami lang ni Anton ang laging magkasama kagabi.. Belle and Mark was nowhere in sight. Hindi rin namin macontact.

Hindi ko rin naman maabala si Christine. 

But I met Mark’s dad. :”> Actually, that’s the only part of the party that I liked the most. Para silang pinagbiyak na mag-ama. He’s nice too.

I looked at the wall clock and sighed. It’s 6 am. Aga pa.

Without even opening my eyes completely, I reached for my phone. 

2 messages, 5 missed calls...

Lahat galing kay Belle.

Tss. Mang-iiwan ka jan e.  

I dialed her number and decided to call her.

“Hello sino to? Ang aga naman”

“Ayaw mo? Sige ibababa ko na”

“Mara?! WAIT!!I Wag mong ibaba. Ikaw naman hindi kana mabiro”

“Okay lang. Nakakahiya naman e”

“Mara naman”

“Bakit ka basta umalis kagabi?”

“Sorry. Ano kasi...biglaan yun”

“Explain”

She told me about her mom’s arrival at the party and that; she, Mark and her mom saw the ‘FRIENDLY hug’ Anton and I shared. WOW. 

Mark Velasco.  SO kaya pala hindi ka man lang nagparamdam? Ibang klase ka. Lagot ka sakin. Dadagukan talaga kita, tinamo  

“Ahh. So, pati ikaw namisinterpret mo yung yakap?”

“.....”

“Goodness Belle!! May gusto kaba kay Anton?”

“H-ha?! A-ano kaba.. Wag mo nga akong ginaganyan. Sorry na nga kasi diba!”

“Fudge. Sinasabi na nga ba.“

“Ano daw?”

“Wala. Sige babye!”

“Bye!!”

Tss. Ang bruhang si Belle. Deny pa. Ay nako.
There’s already something between the two of them when I was away. I even saw the worried look in Anton’s face last night. Ang damuhong si Anton.  Kaya pala hindi na ako ang gusto.

Bitter? Hahaha. HINDI ahh. Alam ko na kasi kung sino talagang gusto ko e.

So that’s it...


I’m going to find and cheer up with kind words the man I chose. TAE. Ang corny.



Anton’s POV




Isang oras..


Takte naman to si Mara e. Ambagal kumilos. Lagi nalang late.  

After 18724912762936521036 years, finally...She came.  

“Sorry I’m late”

“Next time I’ll arrive one hour after the call time. Uugatin nako dito e”

“HAHAHA. So kelan ka aalis?”

“Bukas. Kamusta nga pala bestfriend mo?”

“Yes naman e. Yun kaagad ang tinanong”

She flashed an evil smile. Ano bang masamang kamustahin si Belle?

“You have a lot of explaining to do”

“Ha?”

She told me about Belle’s mom and everything that answered my questions. One of which is where did she go last night.

Lechak. Nakita lang na magkayakap e. Upakan ko yang si Mark e.  

“So..”

“So?”

“Didiretsahin na kita..”

“Go.”

I took a sip on my coffee.

“Are you...still courting me?”

Asdfdfslkshgd;adiflga;sdvlasgfv;abvcxliva

I almost spit all of the food I ate. Masamang ubo. Papatayin ako.

“Grabe ang samid mo ahh.”

“Peste naman kasi yang tanong mo e. Nakakagulat”

I said as I hold my throat.

“Okay”

“Okay?”

“Mabuti naman at nagkakaintindihan na tayo. Hindi mo na ko pinahirapan”

“ANO DAW?”

“Sige. I’ll go ahead.”

“T-teka. San ka pupunta?”

“Sa taong pinili ko”

She smiled and left me.

Now everything made sense..Kayo ba, nagets nyo?









Binusted ako ni Mara Clarisse Ferrer..


IN A GOOD WAY.  









Ang ironic no? Busted ako pero masaya ako. E bakit ako masaya? Kasi tanggap ko na?. Ewan. 





*message tone*
Quote
From: Mara
Alagaan mo ang bestfriend ko kundi uubusin ko ang lahi nyo  



Chapter 28


Anton’s POV



I went back to the hotel to fix my things. Siguro hindi na dapat ako magpabukas pa dito. Tingin nyo?

I stepped inside the elevator but what surprised me is..

Andun si Mark. At kami lang dalawa sa loob.

Naku makaalis na nga  JOKE

Alam nyo ba ginawa nya?

He smiled  and nodded..

Takte, Magkaaway kami e. Sige na nga, gwapo nama ako e. Tumango din ako.

“Congrats nga pala”

Anong congrats?

“Algaan mo siya ha. Don’t make her cry. Lagot ka sakin”

 Ahhh. Ganon. Akala nya kami na ni Mara.  

Mapaglaruan nga.

“I will”

I almost laughed but I stopped myself and maintain the calm tone I have.

“Salamat”

He put his hand on my shoulder and patted it, with sincerity in his eyes.

Okay..Hindi ko na kaya. 

“HAHAHAHAHA..TAKTE. ANSAKIT SA TIYAN.”

I laughed until the elevator stopped.

“Bat ka ba natawa? Uupakan na kita e”

“Sorry ha. Engot mo kase”

I wiped the tears that formed in my eyes. Mamamatay ako sa kakatawa e. Laugh trip to kapag seryoso. Ansarap pikunin e.  

We both went out of the elevator.

He walked without even looking back at me. 

Hala. Galit na. Pag to hindi bumalik kay Mara. Lagot ako dun. 

So nasa akin na pala ngayon ang kinabukasan ng babaeng yun.

“Hoy Mark!”

He stopped and looked at me. Inis na.

“Ayokong alagaan ang babaeng ayaw namang magpaalaga sakin”

“What the hell?”

“She chose you dumba$s.”

“What?”

“Kailangang paulit-ulit?”

“Fvck. Biro na naman ba yan?”

“Seryoso ako. Sa susunod kasi sisiguraduhin mo muna bago ka magselos. Tae. Ambading mo”

He just stared at me as I walk at the opposite direction where my room was.

Ang cool ko ba?

 

Chapter 29



Mara’s POV




Anak ng tinapa tong Mark. He didn’t even call me. And yet, I was the only one who did all the effort. Sabi ni Anton alam na ni Mark yung totoo, bago sya umalis kahapon. So why the hell is he still not showing up? Nasan na yun?

Maybe Christine knows.

“Mara! Napatawag ka? Alam na.”

“Alam na?”

“Mark is not here. Dad asked him to pick up Demi in the airport”

“Demi?”

Demi Lovato. HAHA. Joke. Sino naman yun?!

“Kuya’s friend since..i don’t know”

“Ahh.”

“Ui samahan mo ko bukas magshopping. Puh-LEASE!!”

Right. Maybe I’ll get to see him. Ano ba to. Ang desperado ko ata. E anong gagawin ko? I’ll just sit and do nothing? No freakin way. Baka mamaya makahanap pa yun ng iba. Tapos may Demi pa. Anong malay natin diba?! I have to fight to for my own happiness. Bwisit ka Mark. Ambaba na nga pride ko ohh. 

“Fine. I’ll see you tomorrow”

“Nice! Thanks future sis-in-law”

“Haha. Benta yun ahh. Bye Tin!”

“Bye!!”


Sleep. Wake up. Eat breakfast. Take a bath. At gora na ang beauty ni Mara


Fudge. I’m 30 minutes late!!. 

Pero ok na din. Kasi 33 minutes na late si Christine.  At least nauna ako ng konti diba?

“Sorry I’m late”

“No biggie. Nauna lang ako sayo ng tatlong minuto”

“Magkakasundo talaga tayo”

We spent the whole day at the mall. Masaya kasi ngayon lang ako ulit napagod ng ganito. Christine is such a nice companion to be with. Although halatang maarte sya pero carry lang. 

“Mara, titingnan ko lang saglit yung cute na dress na yun”

“Sige. I’ll be right there”

I pointed the store filled with musical instruments. It was the only store that we didn’t stop by. Hindi ata kasi musically inclined tong si Christine.

As I get nearer, my ears perceive something beautiful and pleasant to hear.

I stood there on the entrance.
Fur Elise?

Isang chinitang babae na may bob cut hairstyle, nakita ko kahit side view lang ang nakaharap sakin. Her fingers were dancing swiftly and gently on the piano keys. 


Beautiful.


I watch as she played the last note.

Takte. Imba tong babaeng to. Anlakas ng dating kapag tumutugtog kahit hindi sya ganun kaganda. Basta. There’s something about her.

“Kukunin ko na to”

She smiled at someone which unfortunately, I can’t see.

“Great. Basta makikinabang din ako”

Wait a minute.

Boses ba yun ni Mark or nawindang lang ang tenga ko sa tinugtog ni chinita girl?

But my suspicion ended when the guy walked towards her. And SHOOT.





Si Mark nga  





So si chinita si Demi?!

“Oi Mara, ano uwi na tayo?”

Bigla akong tumalikod at sinalubong si Christine. Maybe this is not the time to meet the two of them.


“Christine?”





Or so I thought.... :|
 



ANTON’S POV



“Siguraduhin mo lang na matutuwa ako sa sasabihin mo bata”

My hands were wet and cold and I swallowed hard as I look at the man in front of me.

Nandito ako sa tapat ng bahay ni Belle, without her knowing.

“S-sir. Yun pong—

“Alin? Yung may girlfriend kana pala?”

“Yun nga po. Sir, wala po akong girlfriend”

“SIGURADO KABA SA SINASABI MO?!”

His voice was like a thunder on a disastrous storm. 

“OPO”

“Mahal mo ba talaga ang anak ko?”

“P-po?”

“Kung hindi, bakit kapa mag-aaksaya ng panahon na pumunta dito”

“Kasi po”

“Bumalik ka nalang kapag sigurado kana ijo. Importante sakin ang nararamdaman ng anak ko dahil kahit minsan, hindi ko pa sya nakitang nagkaron ng boy friend. Kaya hangga’t maaari, sisiguraduhin kong sa tamang lalaki mapupunta ang anak ko. Naintindihan mo ba?”

He shut the door.




Bakit nga ba..




Bakit ko nga ba to ginagawa..

Chapter 30



Belle’s POV




Nandito ako ngayon sa multimedia room. Wala lang, tambay. Isa pa, ako lang mag-isa dito.
I looked at my phone. Ano tatawagan ko ba si Anton? Para saan?


Bakit ka nasa labas ng bahay namin kahapon?


And yes,



I saw him..


I did. I really did saw him outside our house. Pero bakit?

“Bakit?!”

“Ewan”

“Anak ng manok na tagalog!“

I almost fell on my seat. Actually, ayoko lang matawag na duwag pero the fact that I am here alone, makes me feel like there’s someone watching me. Those creepy stuffs that I always encounter when watching scary movies enters my mind although I immediately shrugs it off para lang hindi maspoil yung pagdadrama ko dito.


Ano daw, drama?

E bakit??

Wait a minute. Nakalimutan ko si Franco. 

Oo, si Franco yung bwisit na gumulat sakin.

“Loner?”

“Hindi naman. Anong ginagawa mo dito?”

“I followed you.”

“Why?”

“I was worried when we bumped each other a while ago in the corridor and yet you didn’t recognize me. Napahiya ako no. Sa gwapo kong to dededmahin mo lang ako”

“T-talaga?. Sorry”

“So bakit nga?”

“ha?”

“Bakit ka ganyan? Para kang adik”

“Wala to”


Even I, I really don’t know. Pero kung tatanungin nyo kung sinong iniisip ko ngayon, Si anton yun. I don’t get it. Bakit sya nandun samin kahapon? 


Is it just because there’s something important that he wants to tell? Bakit sa bahay pa namin? 


Or..


Para magpaliwanag sa mga magulang ko tungkol sa nakita ni Mommy sa party ni Christine?

Assuming ka Belle. In the first place he doesn’t have to that thing, hindi naman kami e.

“Wala na. Natulala na sya”

“H-huh?”

I his eyes shifted from the door to mine. What surprised me is, he hugged me and patted my back.

“H-hoy Franco! What do you think you’re doing?”

“Kinocomfort ka”

I broke off from his hug and grimaced. Icomfort? E hindi nya nga alam ang problema ko e. 

“Ano bang nangyayari sayo?”

“As what I’ve said, kinocomfort ka. I’m your substitute best friend”

“Ha?!”

“Hinabilin ka sakin ni Mara. She told me what happened. And that’s why I’m sure what your dilemma is right now”

“Dilemma naman. Sige nga kung magaling kang kaibigan, tell me what my problem is”

“The problem is YOU and ANTON. And you’re undiscovered, in denial feelings for each other”

I didn’t manage to utter a word. Bakit? Dahil totoo?

In denial feelings for each other..

“Am I right?” 

Why is it really easy for him to tell exactly my feelings? Bat ako hindi ko alam.

“P-pano mo nasasabi sakin yan? Bakit kung makapagsalita ka parang alam mo lahat?”

“It’s not what you think. Pero when I saw the look on his face when I hugged you a while ago, I know I’m right”

“Nandito si Anton kanina?!”

He nodded and smiled.

“Sundan mo.”

I quickly packed my things and ran to the exit but before I took the last step ..

“One more step and you have decided. Sa oras na lumabas ka sa room na to, pinatunayan mo na tama ako. Bakit mo sya susundan Belle? Dahil natatakot ka na baka isipin nyang may gusto ka sakin? To explain? Para saan? Pwera nalang kung gusto mo talaga sya”

My feet got glued on the floor.

 I watch him walk towards me, while my mind suddenly flashes memories. Memories when I almost broke Mara’s collar bones because of too much shaking when I saw Franco. Those kilig moments I treasured. The feeling I have towards him. Now, I can’t believe it was just a memory right now. 

He was standing now in front of me. He held both of my arms and made me face outside the room. Then, in just a second, I found myself outside, standing in the corridor...





Because he pushed me..
Chapter 31


Belle's POV



Oo na. Tama na si Franco. Tama na kayo. Panalo na kayo.. Ma—ma—h—ha—l. UGH.

Forget it! Basta yun na yun!

I ran not knowing where to go and where to find him. Unfortunately, I did’nt expect it would rain at a time like this. Crap. Kung kelan naman may hinahanap ako ohh. I reached for my umbrella inside my bag and went to the foot ball field, the only place I didn’t search.

It’s as if my instincts only guided me along the way and there, he was standing a couple of meters away from me. He was soaking wet, standing beside a tree

Anong sasabihin ko? Isip Belle. Isip.

Pero mas lumakas pa ang ulan.

I went beside him immediately and covered him with my umbrella. His eyes met mine, making my heart pound harder within its walls.

“Anong—

“Anong ginagawa ko dito? T@nga kaba? Syempre nauulanan ka na.”

“Alam ko”

“E bakit hindi ka sumisilong?!”   

“Wala lang. Trip”

“Gags. Alis na tayo dito. Magkasakit kapa”

I dragged him inside the building not only for him but because I am also getting wet. My umbrella only supports one person. Tapos ang laki pa ni Anton. E di ayun, basa na rin ako.

Dumiretso kami sa locker para kumuha ng extra clothes at pantuyo. Mukha na kaming basang sisiw.

“Anlakas talaga ng trip mo.”

I glanced at him only to see that he was just leaning on the walls, not bothering his wet clothes.

“Anton!”

“Oh?”

“Do you want to get sick?!”

I wiped his face, until his hand touched my mine. 

An awkward silence ensued. He stared at me but what surprised me the most was the moment he hugged me tightly.

“Anton”

Pinilit kong alisin ang pagkakayakap nya pero masyadong syang malakas. 

“Ano bang nangyayari sayo?”

“Gusto ko lang yakapin ka. Bakit masama?”

But this time I pushed him harder. Now, I was just standing in front of Anton, who seemed like a stranger to me.

He smirked.

“O mas masarap lang yung yakap ni Franco?”

“What?”

“Sorry ahh. I didn’t mean to watch. Next time wag kayong mag PDA”

“Ang kapal mo. Alam mong hindi ako ganun”

“Sinasabihan lang kita dahil kaibigan kita”

“Kaibigan mong mukha mo! Hindi ko alam kung bakit ka nagkakaganyan. Jan ka na!”

I started walking with closed fist. But as I was about turn right at the end of the corridor, I swear I heard him saying,

“Do you still love him?”

I stopped on my track and looked at the insensible being behind me.

“How dare you ask me that question”

He walked towards me, his face bearing no expression at all.

“Kung ganon tama ako?”

I bit my lips, holding back my tears. This is harder than I thought. The moment when you are in front of someone you treasured the most, 

“Sorry kanina.. Maging masaya ka sana”

But he chose to push you to someone, just because you can’t find the right words to say.

And then what? 

He patted my head and smiled.

“See you later”

He walked passed me and I realized I just let go of the chance to be happy.


No.


May magagawa pa ko.

I ran and hugged him from behind. I can’t hold back my tears anymore, so I let it flow just like the rain.

“Belle I—

“Bakit?! Alam mo ba yung buong nangyari nung niyakap ako ni Franco kanina? Hindi diba? Dahil tumakbo ka. Oo, alam kong nandun ka dahil sinabi ni Franco. At sinong halang ang kaluluwa na may sabi sayo na mahal ko parin sya?! May sinabi ba ko? Wala diba?! Bakit ang hilig mong mag-assume! Akala mo cool tingnan? Hindi tol, nakakasakit e. Nakakainis! Dahil kahit anong pilit kong itanggi alam ko kung anong totoo kong nararamdaman. Hindi ko na kaya. Kaya wala nakong pake kung anong sasabihin mo. Ang alam ko lang..—

He suddenly faced me, with a smile on his face.


“I love you”



And kissed me for the second time before I could finish my sentence, before I could say those
words that I kept for a long time.


“Pakigaya ka ng sasabihin e” My tears were still flowing but I know I’m smiling.








Ang alam ko lang.. Mahal kita  

Chapter 32



Mara’s POV




I went back to Manila, to face the reality that a few days from now, my world will be inside the corners of that university.

Ni hindi ko man lang naenjoy yung bakasyon ko! Tapos si Mark, si Mark.. ano  

“Mara! Bat hindi mo sinabi na uuwi kana pala!”

“Uhh..Surprise?” I said while arranging my clothes.

“Pasalubong ko?”

“Wala e. Saareeh! Lilibre nalang kita mamaya. Nagmamadali ako e”

“Tss. Asan loveydoods mo?”

“Loveydoods?!hahahaha. Gumaganon e  Epekto lang ni Anton”

“Don’t you ever mention that name.”

“Nye?! Anyare? LQ kayo?”

“Eeee. Kasi naman sya!”

Her phone rung. She bit her lips and her expression shows that it was her loveydoods  

Haayyy.

Bestfriend ko dalaga na  I sound like my mom. Haha.

To my surprise, she didn’t answer it.

“Oh? Pakipot kapa”

“Makakapaghintay naman yun. Right now, I want to know the reason behind that ring on your finger”

“Talagang walang maitago sayo e. O sya sige..



Flashback


Tss. Naiirita talaga ako dun kay Demi!  Kung makadikit kay Mark akala mo mawawala lagi e. Tapos kanina sakin sana tatabi si Mark pero biglang dumali ng

‘Mark, dito kana umupo sa tabi ko please? Namiss talaga kita e’

So ayun, kami ni Christine ang magkatabi habang sa harap ko pa talaga nilalandi nung Deming yun si Mark. UGH. Bastusan teh?

*1 message received*
Quote
From: Christine
She knows about you and Mark. Maldita lang talaga yan, kaya wag kang padadala. Hindi yun kayang gawin sayo ni Kuya. 

I smiled at Christine who was seated beside me. She winked and said,

“Cr lang ako”

“Sama ako sis.”

Umariba ang kerengkeng na si Demi at naiwan kami ni Mark.

“Tara na”

Mark dragged me somewhere away from Demi and Christine who’s still inside the comfort room. 

“So kelangang higitin ako ganun?”

“Wag ka munang magulo”

We reached the parking lot and got inside his car.

“Baka mamaya kasi hanapin ka na nung BEST FRIEND SLASH CHILDHOOD SWEETHEART MO.”

He smiled.

“Selos ka?”

“San ba tayo pupunta?”

“Daya iniiba ang usapan”

“San nga kasi tayo pupunta?!”

“Wala. Dito lang. May ibibigay ako”

“O akin na”

“Pikit ka muna”

Ugh.

So ayun pumikit ako. Medyo nagulat lang ako nung kinuha nya yung kamay ko at pagmulat ko..

Nandun na yung ring sa daliri ko.

“Para saan to?”

“Mahal mo ko?”

“H-ha?”

“Kasi ikaw mahal kita.”

:”>

“E para san nga to?”

“Para malaman ng mga taong may nagmamay-ari na sayo.”

HELLO KILIG VIBES  

Inalis ko yung singsing sa kamay ko at pinagmasdang mabuti kung totoo o baka nananaginip lang ako.

“Bat mo inalis? Ayaw mo? Sige”

He was about to go outside but I grabbed his sleeves.

“Wala naman akong sinasabing ganun e. Arte nito”

He smirked and put the ring back to my finger.

“Ingatan mo to ha, pagbalik ko hahanapin ko yan sayo”

“San ka pupunta?”

“Magdodoktor ako diba? Sabi ni Dad sa US na daw ako mag-aral”

“Kelan ka babalik?”

“Depende. Wag kang mag-alala, pangako hindi tayo mawawalan ng communication.”

“Sabi mo e”

“Aray, hindi man lang nalungkot”

“Haha. Bat ako malulungkot?”

“Mahal mo ba talaga ko?”

“Ambading pakinggan pare”

He let out a deep sigh. 

Disappointed?

“Hindi ko kailangang malungkot Mark. Para rin naman sayo yun e. Para pagbalik mo, handa na ang future bride mo”




REALITY



“TAKTE!!Kinikilig ako!!   ”

“Aray! Dahan-dahan naman!” 

Hinahampas-hampas pa ko ng bruha.

But I can’t blame her for that. Kahit ako e, at siguro sa kahit sinong babae na makakatanggap ng singsing, baka mangisay sa kilig.  

“Yun nga lang kasama nya si Demi”

“Eh?!”

“Kaya natatakot ako baka mamaya hindi na bumalik yun dahil nagayuma ni Demi”

“Haha. Hindi yan. He loves you so much”

“I know right. Pero maraming pwedeng mangyari na hindi natin inaasahan”

“Tiwala lang Mara”


Epilogue



After 8 years..


Isang Linggo na ang nakakalipas pero hindi parin ako tinatawagan ng g@go kong boyfriend.

“Bat hindi mo sinasagot tong lechak na tawag ko Mark. Babalatan talaga kita ng buhay”

“Haha. Hala Tita, baka nakulam na ni witch Demi”

Bad boy  witch daw si Demi? 

Oo na, ako ang nagturo nun  

Oo nga pala. He’s Julio, anak ni Belle at Anton. Alam na  

Nakakainggit nga e. Samantalang ako naghihintay parin kay Mark. Well, hindi naman sya nagkulang sakin. Umuuwi sya pag vacation tas ayun babalik na ulit. Ewan ko nga lang ngayon kung bakit kahit simpleng tawag wala akong matanggap.

“He’s up to something. You’ll see”

“kinabahan naman ako sa sinabi mo”

“Relax lang teh, after 8 long years ngayon pa kaya nya magagawang mangg@go?.”

“G@go”

“No Julio! Bad yun. Wag mo gagayahin si Mommy ha?”

Ayy?! May saltik din talaga tong bestfriend ko.  

My phone vibrated.

“Hello Mark?!”

“Sorry si Anton to.”

“Anton pala. Kakausapin mo asawa mo?”

I glanced at Belle and Julio. She smiled and shook her head.

Ako talaga siguro ang pakay nya.

“Lumabas kayo ng bahay nina Belle, nandito ako sa kotse. May kailangan tayong puntahan”

“Saan?!”

“Ayy ang kulit!! Lumabas ka nalang!”

“Ok Ok. Sorry naman”

While we were inside the car, I stare at my ring and smiled. Si Mark nalang ang kulang, kasalan na. Boto na yung tatay at nanay ko, tapos palagi akong kinukulit ni Tita Eula. Ayy nako, kinakabahan ako.

Ay oo nga pala. Si Andrea at Louie ayun, celebrity couple. Mas mabuti na yun, pareho na silang artista para walang silipan ng schedule. Maganda din naman si Andrea, kaya ayun, nung nakita nung manager ni Louie, e di gora sa showbiz. Saya no? Although sometimes they're not in good terms, they still manage to make their relationship last. I envy them a lot  

We arrived at an unfamiliar house.

Belle held my hand and smiled. 

“Ang ganda ng bahay mo. Kinabog yung amin”

“Ha?!”














At nakita ko si Mark sa may pintuan na nakangiti..
<PIXTEL_MMI_EBOOK_2005>3                                                           </PIXTEL_MMI_EBOOK_2005>