Summary 
This is Alexis' fifth high school, and they've made it so very clear this time - it's her 
last chance. But how can she be good when she accidentally gets herself into a 
stupid bet involving the HOT jerk (Max), and has to make him fall for her? 
- 4 -

(Chapter 1) 
“Oh my GAWD! Does that girl not know anything about fashion?” 
Cheerleader-lookalike yelled, staring at me across the lanes. She was in some shiny 
Porshe. Whatever, her car had nothing on my yellow Ferrari in the garage at home. 
It wasn’t my fault I’d been banned from driving it, as part of my punishment for 
getting kicked out of that last school, and was stuck with a lame Smart car. 
“I’m totally ashamed to be seen on the same road as her,” said the Blond in the 
passenger seat, drawing on eyeliner, so much she looked like a really bad blond Emo 
kid. 
When the lights turned green, Cheeleader slammed on the gas, and Blonde shoved 
her eyeliner into her eye. Inside, I was cracking up. Outside, I was cool and calm. 
But I couldn't resist flipping them off as I drove away – come on, they totally dissed 
me! 
I flicked my hair as I went down the road. God, girls like that were annoying. 
Though I kind of had to admit, I kept staring in the car mirror too, shocked. What 
the hell was this? I’d tied my hair into the two bunches and put on the big geeky 
glasses my Dad had bought me – and now I looked like a nerd. Awesome. The frame 
hid too much of my face and magnified my eyes, making me look like some creepy 
owl thing. But I drew the line when he showed me the fake braces that could be 
stuck to your teeth. I mean, come on. 
Okay, I was depressed about my new nerd look, but didn’t do anything about it. 
This was what my parents wanted, right? For me to keep my head down, and not get 
into any trouble? Well, this would totally do it. I was a geek. I’d semi-compromised 
by putting on some lip-gloss and straightening my fringe, but it didn’t help. I just 
looked like a stupid wannabe. God, why did I have to go through this again? My 
parents suck. 
Well, whatever. I was late for my first day at my new school. I’d picked out the 
most boringest hoodies in the world – plain black that matched my new school 
shoes. I sped through a couple of stop signs, and went past the speed limit a LITTLE. 
(I mean, come on – 20mph? That is so stupid. So what if I pushed it to 50?) It meant 
I was at school in about ten minutes. 
And then I saw the school for the first time. 
- 5 -

I mean, I’ve seen the pictures, but now I actually see this place, it’s kind of 
shocking. Well, Photoshop is amazing. This school was typical public school; totally 
old. This is where I was meant to stay until graduation? Those losers (a.k.a. my 
parents) must have been kidding about this. The gates were ugly, the school fields 
were uncut and wild, and the buildings were crumbling. Oh God, they weren’t 
serious, right? I can’t live like this! 
Absentmindedly walking on, I got out my phone, ignoring the people that passed 
me. I was about to call my parents and demand they change my school, when I saw 
something that made me pause and gape. Or three things. Oh my GOD. 
I must have died and ended up in the pages of an Abercrombie and Fitch 
catalogue. 
The HOTTEST guys in the world. There were three of them, all tall statuesque 
examples of the fine male physique. I don't think I’ve seen talent like that even in my 
old schools; and keep in mind that my old schools were all private academies where 
all the students had access to plastic surgery. This can’t be right… 
They were all well-built, tall and damn sexy. 
I stared at them, and for a second, the one with green eyes glanced at me. Then 
he looked away, as if I were significant. I hate this reaction with my whole new look. 
It’s totally depressing. 
“Who are they?” I asked some random brunette girl next to me, who’d also paused 
to stare. 
“The hottest guys on the football team,” she said, her eyes not leaving the guys 
that crossed the school yard. Her mouth was wide open as well, and she looked like 
she was going to drool. I totally understand. I wanted to as well. “Max, Tom, and 
Carter. They’re playing the match next week.” 
I snapped my phone shut. I’d changed my mind. I was staying in this school. 
“Hi,” I said, grinning at the semi-drooling girl. “My name’s Alexis. What’s yours?” 
“Olivia,” she replied, smiling back at me. “You the Alexis that’s new in my class?” 
“Yeah,” I said, smiling. “That’s me.” 
- 6 -

An hour or a billion later, we were in Biology. School is barely any different in 
private or public schools – they are both incredibly boring. I was sad to learn that 
during my month-long suspension, everyone in the Universe had not forgotten 
everything to do Science. Damn it. Just my luck. 
Thank God Olivia, or “Ollie” as I like to call her, was in mainly all my classes. I’d 
assessed her. She was sweet – but, puppy-doll brown eyes with caramel hair, and a 
cute face. Her fashion sense left a little to be desired – from what I could tell with 
her outfit – but she would do as my New Best Friend. Well, here. 
“So tell me more about the three guys we saw at the school gate.” I had to know 
more about them; after all, I was basically here for them. 
“They’re like, the best football players in the country. And the hottest. They can’t 
walk through a mall without a model scout walking up to them. 
“Okay, Tom. His Dad’s the guy who produces a lot of movies. He’s the one with 
the brunette hair, and blue eyes. You can crush on the other two, but he’s mine 
okay?” 
I nodded, and she relaxed from her “possessive” pose. 
“Carter is the one with the brunette hair and brown eyes. He’s amazing at all 
sports; you know, tennis, swimming, soccer, you name it, he can do it. He’s on every 
single team for everything, but he’s just taken a natural liking to football.” 
“And who’s the last one?” 
“Max. He was the tallest one, with the blond hair and green. He’s like, the biggest 
player in the whole school. He goes through girlfriends really fast, because no one’s 
good enough for him, apparently.” 
We were busy finding the life-long sister in each other when the bell rang. I 
grabbed my notepad and a folder from my new (cramped and stupid) locker, and it 
was History. I was fitting in nicely – I could see what Dad meant about the whole 
“hiding my face” thing – I wasn’t getting the looks I got from everyone normally, 
apart from the expected “God, that girl’s a nerd” looks that I got, but weren’t really 
used to. I checked my timetable. I was in…H6. History room 6. Inventive. 
I kept my head and slid into the classroom, a couple minutes late. In my old school 
that would have earned a detention. However, in this school, no one even noticed. I 
slid down onto the only free chair (actually that’s not true, there was also another 
- 7 -

chair, but it was next to some girl with a bad perm and braces. I can’t really talk 
now, but you know…), and I turned around to look at my desk partner… 
And I froze. 
It was one of the A&F gods. He didn’t realize I was there, and just sat staring into 
the space, with a gazed look I recognized; you know, when you’re pretending to pay 
attention to teacher when your actually drifting off into unconsciousness. I know 
because that’s the only look I have in lessons. 
It was more than that though. I’d let myself smoosh up so close to his hard 
muscles, I could hear it – there was Eminem playing from somewhere…Oh my god. 
He had headphones in. 
They were nothing more than little black buds in his ears, without the wires 
(maybe…wireless?) and were perfectly discreet. I must get me one of those. In the 
meantime… I reached over and plucked an ear-bud from his ear, wiped it (did no 
one else see that new report on headphones and earwax?), and placed it in mine. 
The familiar sound of Eminem yelling made me smile as I turned back to the 
teacher, who was still rambling on about enzymes. (I don’t even know how to spell 
the word.) 
“Hey.” 
I turned slowly towards him, and gave him my best sexy smile (okay, main reason 
I stole his ear-bud; conversational starter), the smile that had gotten me every single 
straight guy in my old school. 
“Yeah?” I asked, twisting a couple strands of hair in my fingers. 
“Give it back,” he whispered, learning in close to me, and my vision swam – I 
wasn’t getting enough oxygen. His breath on my neck raised goosebumps, and I 
semi-shivered. This guy was so easy to manipulate. 
“Why should I?” I whispered back. Our heads were way too close now, and we 
were in front of the whole class, not to mention a very boring (male…female…?) 
teacher. But what would have happened if they weren’t there? I would have 
probably leapt on him and ripped his clothes right off. With my teeth. 
“You’ll regret it if you don’t, Geek,” he murmured, a small smirk forming on his 
lips, and my heart leapt. His green eyes were so…piercing. 
- 8 -

“How so?” I asked, smirking back at him, feigning innocence. Even with this nerdy 
hair and glasses, I still had my charm. The Skills of Flirting made up more of my IQ 
than Science, English and Math put together. I drew his on with my eyes – eyes that 
were so magnified by my new geek glasses. They were helpful, after all. 
“I will…” 
Before I could hear the rest of that sentence, the teacher interrupted us. 
“Since Max and the new girl seem so close,” the woman/man teacher said frostily. 
“Perhaps they should partner with each other for the History Project. I’m sure 
everyone will be interested in what they can produce.” 
Our gazes snapped back to each other, and I quickly turned away. The whole class 
was laughing, saying stuff like, “Max with the Nerd!” and “God, Max has the worst 
luck”. Immature Bastards. I was on a completely separate level from them. 
Keep your head down, Alexis. This is what you did wrong in your last school. 
Ignore it. 
But it’s so damn hard. 
“Yes,” I said, my voice quiet. “I will partner with him.” 
He raised an eyebrow at my new, quiet voice, but said nothing. He had no 
objections too, apparently. 
After class, I was leaving when Max grabbed my hand and dragged me to some 
unused classroom. He pinned me to the wall, his arms on the side of my head. I 
couldn’t move even if I wanted to – which I didn’t. There’s nothing like good, toned, 
muscled guy pressed up against you. 
“Geek,” he said, smirking. “You’re mine from now on.” 
I was semi-surprised. 
“What?!” I asked, gaping. Then he leaned down to kiss me, pressing me hard 
against the locker. He was good, to say the least – his lips made my whole body 
tingle, and electricity passed through our bodies like a real current. He made my 
heart thud against my chest, and for a second, the whole world stopped. 
When our lips parted, I was smiling. His guy thinks he’s so good, that he’s such a 
- 9 -

player. And he was the biggest player in the school. Until me. 
“You understand?” he asked, grinning cockily. “I own you. You. Are. Mine.” 
“What do you like about me?” I said, tilting my head as I looked at him. 
“I think you’re interesting.” 
I semi-smiled again. 
“Interesting is an understatement,” I said, silencing his lips with mine, and I knew 
I was much better than him. After all, I was much more experienced than him. 
I left him, standing in the dark classroom, shocked. 
He was the biggest player – until me. 
Bad Girl – 1, The Player – 0 
Author's Note: You like this story? Vomment for more :) 
- 10 -

(Chapter 2) 
"Hey, Geek!" 
Oh my God. Cheerleader and Blond from the traffic lights both went to my school. 
They had three other Blonds behind them, and they were all glaring at me with 
semi-hatred. Were they all cheerleaders? I'll give you three guesses...though you 
only really need two. 
"Yeah?" I said, semi-laughing - Blonde's eye was spectacularly red from the 
eyeliner-poking incident. "What's up, ladies?" 
Cheerleader pushed me up against the lockers - my second time today - but this 
time I did not enjoy it, as she did it way too hard, and she wasn't a hot guy about to 
kiss me. I flicked her hand off my arm, and stared down at her (I now officially love 
these nerdy chunky shoes - they made me so much taller). 
"What the hell is your problem?" I yelled. Calm down, Alexis...you have to keep 
your head down, remember? 
"You little nerdy slut, you keep away from my Max, you hear me?" 
I raised an eyebrow. So it was about Max? 
"I don't even want him," I said, tossing my hair. God, these people were annoying. 
There are a hundred guys were Max comes from, and they're all no different. They 
were all tall, fit and popular. I've known and dated a thousand of them, and I will 
date millions more. As hot as he is, I don't need him - just because he kissed me 
automatically mean I'm his. Even though that's what he said (god, I love strong 
guys), I'm owned by no one. "You take him. Just remember, this is a free country. 
The day I want him, I will go get him." 
Cheerleader smirked at me. 
"He's the biggest player and the hottest guy in this school. When he snaps his 
fingers, you'll go running. Do you know we'll do to you then? Jenny, why don't you 
give her a little taste of what will happen?" 
Minion 1 produced a pair of scissors. I smiled widely at them. These girls were 
cute. Scissors? If I were to get someone to stay the hell away from my boyfriend, it 
- 11 -

would be with a gun, or at least a proper knife. 
"What are you going to do, girls?" I asked, smirking. 
Cheerleader grabbed my arms and twisted them behind my back painfully, but I 
didn't flinch. Blond came up to me, with the scissors, and held them close to my 
head. 
"Your eye looks great," I said to her, and she glared to me. 
"Do you promise to never touch him?" Cheerleader whispered, right into my ear. 
"Okay," I said. 
"Really?" she asked, uncertain. Blond drew away slightly. 
"No, brainiac. Bring it on." 
Blond leaned in, and I knew a second later she would snip at my hair. Like I would 
let her do that. 
I twisted suddenly, kicking Cheerleader in my twenty-thousand dollar silicon 
breasts (but I'm all natural, baby). She collapsed, and I punched Blond in the 
stomach, making her smudge her lip-gloss and mess up her hair. In our world, that's 
the worst insult ever. The other minions remained still, probably not wanting to 
suffer the same thing. 
I picked up the scissors, and examined them. 
And I brought it to my own hair, and cut. 
"This is what you wanted, right?" I said, smirking, throwing down the massive 
chunk of my hair onto the ground. "Can I go now?" 
Cheerleader stood up, smiling with me. Then she lunged. Bloody hell, 
cheerleaders can fight. Why are they so...flexible? It's almost not fair for the rest of 
us.
She had me pinned down to the ground, her hands around my neck. 
"Alright, geek, I'll give you one chance," she murmured. "You have until Prom. If 
you can make him fall for you, I will quit this school. If you can't...well, you can leave 
- 12 -

this place, and let me and him spend the last year before graduation." 
I smiled. Her manicured hands around my neck were way too weak to make any 
difference. I've been through way worse. 
"And I want him confessing his love at the Prom, on stage. Deal?" 
"Sure," I said. "This should be fun." 
They didn't know the one thing about me that will change everything. But they're 
going to find out. 
When they were gone, I flipped open my phone, and pressed Speed Dial. 
"Honey? Yeah. I need a major dye and cut, and some new clothes. I'm breaking all 
the rules, now." 
***The Next Day*** 
Click. Clack. Click. Clack. 
My stiletto ankle boots made sounds that echoed through the whole corridor. My 
hips swayed in the sexy black polka-dotted miniskirt. My low cut top showed my 
assets off perfectly. The new haircut I'd gotten last night, was totally cool and 
rock-star, and the blow-dry and straightening I'd done this morning made each 
strand of my ebony hair shine. My make-up was nude, because, let's face it, I didn't 
need makeup. My glasses were gone. 
I went to Max's classroom (he was a senior), five minutes before the morning bell. 
He was sitting with the two other Jocks, laughing with each other about something. 
"Max, it's me, Alexis." 
His eyes widened as he looked up and down me appreciatively. 
"Hey, Alexis." 
"I'm looking forward to the History project together," I said, smirking. 
Cheerleader and Blond were just outside, looking in on us. Let's give them the show 
they're here for, shall we? 
"I am, as well," he said, smiling boyishly. 
- 13 -

I leaned down, purposely giving him a view down my top (I had a bra on. Duh. I'm 
not that slutty), and kissed his cheek, breathing in the sharp sting of his expensive 
designer cologne. 
"See you soon," I whispered breathily into his ear. 
And then I left, meeting eyes with Cheerleader as I passed her in the door. Game 
on, bitch. 
I could have played nice. I could have been good. But you know what? Being bad 
is just way more fun. 
"Can I have your number?" 
I looked the guy up and down. Not bad. 
"Sure," I said, taking out a Sharpie from my pocket, and scrawling it down on his 
hand. "Call me." 
That was the fifth guy who'd asked me in the last hour or so. I'd said no way to the 
last four guys, but I'd given my number to him. I hope he realizes how special he is. 
He left and went up to his friends, screaming, "Oh my god I got her number!" - 
apparently he did realize how special he was. 
I left for English, smiling. And banged right into Max. 
"Oh, hey, Max." 
Not replying, he just dragged me behind a wooden pillar (oh god. This tacky 
school has wooden pillars. I could vomit). 
"I thought I had it clear," he whispered, his green eyes angry. "That you were 
mine." 
I raised an eyebrow. (God, I love raising one eyebrow. I feel so French.) 
"I'm sorry, but no one owns me. I'm my own person." 
He leaned down, very close to me, so close my breath caught in my throat and my 
heart started thudding doubly-fast. Damn it! I'm not normally like this. I'm cool and 
- 14 -

experienced, not love-struck and...virgin (shudder). I tried not to notice how good he 
smelt, and how warm his body was. 
"Yeah?" 
"Yeah," I said, trying to sound strong and sure, but it's so very hard when you can 
feel every single muscle in a guy's chest, he's so close. Come on, I could be honest...I 
love possessive guys, really. Total turn-on. 
"Maybe I should prove that...you're mine." 
Damn, he's good. The way his voice sounded...husky and deep, confident and...No! 
You are better than him, Alexis! You are more experienced, and have more sex 
appeal, and you're richer, and you're cleverer...and - 
But it's hard to remember all that when you're next to Max Collins. I don't know 
what it is...maybe the Sex God pheromone he gives out from every pore of his F-ing 
body 
"How?" I asked, my voice ridiculously virgin, all trained sophistication gone. 
People passed us, and stared, but I didn't really see them. I was transfixed on his 
stupid, sexy face. 
He kissed my neck, gently grazing the softest spot, and a little moan left my 
mouth. Damn him...but.... 
I wrapped my arms around his, pulling him closer. Every place he kissed burned 
like it was on fire, and I bit my lip down hard, to try to stop another embarrassing 
moan. Then his hand, hot and warm, slid under my top, and reached up, so his 
fingers were against my bare, lacy bra. Stop it, Alexis! Stop! Stop. Stop... 
He gave me one last soft, gentle, tingly kiss on my lips, and he finally pulled away. 
My heart was pounding like it was about to explode, my cheeks were flushed, and 
my tidy hair was messed up from being shoved against the most amazing wooden 
pillar in the world. 
He touched the place where he'd kissed (an area a couple inches above my top's 
pretty low neckline), and smirked at me again, the beautifully cocky smirk I was 
beginning to semi-like. 
"I think that proves you're mine." 
- 15 -

Then he left me, standing there, leaning against a pillar. 
Damn. 
Bad Girl 1, The Player 1 
Author's note: I was so worried when I wrote this, in case you guys didn't like :( 
please vote+comment (vomment) if you do, though. Love ya xxx am picking some 
youtube music vids for you guys xx 
- 16 -

(Chapter 3) 
I was a few minutes late for English, but Ollie was outside waiting for me. 
"Where were you?" she asked, her eyes wide with worry. "You're so late, and - oh 
my god." 
"What?" I asked. I'd tried to smooth down my hair, and reapplied my lip gloss, so I 
should look normal. "What's wrong?" 
"Did you...hook up with someone?" 
Wow. She is totally f-ing psychic. 
"How did you know?" 
She stretched out a finger, and pointed at the place Max had touched a couple 
minutes ago. Maybe she is psychic. I looked down to the place she was pointed at, 
expecting to see normal, unblemished skin, but - 
"FUCK!" I yelled, and my hand went to my chest, covering the spot. "Oh my GOD! 
I can't believe Max did this on me!" 
"Max," Olivia said, her eyes widening. "Max Collins? He was the guy who gave you 
that hickey?" 
"Yes! Oh my GOD! How the hell am I going to get it off?" I started trying to 
scratch it off, but Olivia took my hand to stop me. 
"Calm down," she said. "Let's go to the toilets it cover it up. I've got some 
concealer just your shade." 
I muttered thanks. I will so kill that guy, hot A&F model look-a-like or not. God, he 
was such a douche. How dare he mark my precious body?! I'm going to rip his head 
off the next time I see him! Ok, my defence plan against his amazing pheromones is 
that I basically just avoid contact! Yes, that was right! 
It looked so much worse in the mirror. A massive red mark, just above my 
cleavage. My new shoulder-length hair couldn't cover it up, and even Ollie's 
concealer didn't work much - you could still see it. I had to do the trick I'd learned a 
- 17 -

couple years ago - massage the area to get the blood-flow going. God, I can't believe 
Max has reduced me to this. He's so ruined my day. 
"Ollie?" I asked, standing up so suddenly I make her jump. "I'll just skip today. I 
can't be seen in school like this, okay? I'll see you." 
And I ran out of the toilets, leaving her there, ignoring her as she yelled, "No, 
don't you'll get in trouble!". Thank God this was a cheap public school, and they 
didn't have the semi-prison CCTV cameras we had, and so it was perfectly fine for 
me to climb over the school wall, the only thing between me and outside world. I slid 
my foot into the places where the rock was crumbling (god, this place was old), and 
I was completely balanced until the top. I shivered from the cold bricks, and then I 
missed the hole with my stupid boots, and... 
Oh GOD, I was going to fall, I was going to bang my head and snap my neck, and 
they'll find me there, the incredibly well-dressed pretty dead girl trying to skip 
school, OH MY GO - 
I fell, closing my eyes, waiting to hit the cold, hard ground. Then I stopped, 
suddenly. I waited for the pain, but none came, so I opened my eyes. I was in 
someone's very well toned, muscular arms...But who's? 
Tom Hall. A&F God Number 2. 
"You can let me down, now," I said, after the normal hug time had well passed. 
"Oh," he said, flushing. "Right." 
He dropped me. No, not "bang-drop-on-the-cold-hard-ground", but gentle sort of 
"straightening". I realized my top had suddenly risen up a couple inches, and Tom 
could probably see the belly-button ring I'd gotten last year secretly in spring break, 
so I pulled down my top. Tom seemed nothing like Max - he was way sweeter, and 
seemed pretty cute. Maybe that's why Ollie had dibs on him. Cute matches cute, 
right? 
"Is that your car?" I said, walking up to the gorgeous silver Mercedes SLR 
McLaren behind him - nothing as awesome as my Ferrari Enzo, but no car is better 
than my Ferrari. Well, apart from the Bugatti Veyron, but that's just another story. 
"Yeah," he replied, as I ran my fingers over the sleek paint. 
"Great," I said, jumping into the passenger seat. "You can give me a ride. Take me 
- 18 -

to Pinkberry, please. I want frozen yoghurt. This thing can go 210mph, right?" 
"Bloody hell," he muttered, more to himself than me. "You are the worst driver in 
the world." 
"Shut up," I said, licking the pomegranate-ice-cream-covered spoon. In the end, he 
let me drive. "What the hell is the point of going 70, when your car can go over 
200mph?" 
"You could have killed us!" he yelled, and some girls looked over at him. Well, 
again. They'd been staring at him for a while now. I couldn't blame them - he was 
way hot. Perfectly tousled brown hair, with sharp blue eyes. You know, the kind that 
was damn sexy without even knowing it. But he was simple, and pretty easy to 
manipulate. My kind of guy. "Do know that you drove about a mile on two lanes?" 
"Yes," I said, dipping my spoon into my ice-cream again. "I know. You were 
screaming it at me the whole time, you know." 
"Then why the hell didn't you drive properly, in one lane?!" he yelled. 
"That would be boring," I said calmly, popping more ice-cream into my mouth, 
savouring the creaminess. "That's not how I live." 
"Driving is not meant to be exciting!" he hissed. "It's meant to get you from 
Destination A to Destination B, perfectly safely. Not start from Destination A, and 
end up as two charred corpses in a lump of metal at Destination B!" 
I rolled my eyes. I'm sure he'll be a great Dad to some unfortunate teenage girl 
some day, but could he tone down the whole "lecture" thing just a little. 
"Calm down, Tommy," I muttered, finished the last of my frozen yoghurt, "and eat 
your ice cream." 
He looked down, unhappily, at the melting blob of chocolate ice cream, stabbing a 
spoon into the middle. 
"Oh, by the way, why did you skip school today?" I asked, watching him tentatively 
put his first spoonful of chocolate yummy-ness into his mouth. 
"It was only a half day," he said - finally looking as if he'd gotten over the whole 
- 19 -

"you-could-have-crashed-and-killed-us" overreaction he's just had. Free period? Oh 
right, he was a senior, and apparently at crappy public schools that have barely any 
funding and bad staff, they give whole free periods of time to the students. "I was 
going to go to Carter's house, and we would go play ball, but...well." 
"I'm keeping you here, right?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. He nodded. "Well, in 
that case...Let's go to Nobu. I want sushi." 
Three hours later, we - well, I - were driving to Carter's house. You know, just to 
chill. I had nothing better to do - homework so did not count - and so I was tagging 
along. It will probably take about another six hours since we were going - 
"-SO DAMN SLOW!" I yelled. "Come on, how can you expect me to go 70 through 
this deserted road?" 
"It's a residential area! Little kids live here! And you're meant to go 30, not 70!" 
he yelled back. 
Whatever; my way meant we were at Carter's house in 10 minutes. 
"I don't know why I let you drive again," he muttered. "I must be crazy." 
Carter's house was pretty big for a crappy public-school pupil. I saw a motorbike 
parked outside the house. God, I missed mine - but Dad said he would buy me a new 
motorbike if I lasted in this school for a couple days, and he'll give me back my 
Ferrari if I pass all my subjects. 
I rung the doorbell, and I could hear the cheesy ding-dong. A couple seconds later, 
the door swung open. 
Max. Standing there, looking sexily surprised, with the cocky smile I loved. His 
eye fell to the hickey he'd left on my skin. 
Ok, let's go with the plan; stay away from his pheromones. I just stood there for a 
while, shocked. Then I snapped out of it. 
"Hi," I said, smiling. I was meant to make him fall for me, after all. "I thought 
you'll be here." 
"Sure," he said, looking bemused. "You wanna come in?" His eyes flickered to 
- 20 -

Tom, who was behind me, and his face hardened. Weird. I thought they were 
friends? 
"Carter's just upstairs," he said, gripping my wrist, and pulling me into the house. 
"You guys go out to play in his backyard. I just need to say something to Alexis." 
Tom went in, giving me a puzzled look, then went to find Carter. 
"I thought I told you, before," Max said, way too close for comfort. Damn, those 
stupid pheromones that knocked me out, "not to see any more guys?" 
"What?" Oh, now I get it. "You're jealous?" 
He smirked again. 
"And this is your punishment for making me jealous," he said, pressing his lips to 
mine again. Damn him. Damn. He was so good at this. Why was he so good at it? 
"You get jealous so easily," I mumbled breathlessly, when he paused for a minute. 
"It's not fair." 
"You love it really," he said, kissing the side of my neck, and moving his lips to the 
place where the hickey was. "That's why you didn't cover my love-bite...you enjoy 
this." 
I wish I could tell him he was wrong. 
Then a voice comes in the back of my mind, "He's the biggest player and the 
hottest guy in this school. When he snaps his fingers, you'll go running.". Was that 
true? Was I changing already? I used to be the one who broke the hearts, the one 
that went from guy to guy, sometimes the guys overlapping. I wasn't this...innocent, 
trusting girl. I was the Bad Girl. I was always the bad girl. 
So when he looked down at me, about to kiss me one more time, do you know 
what I did? Something that changed this whole game, the game I'd played and won 
for years. 
I pressed my finger against his lips, stopping him. 
Bad Girl 2, The Player 1 
- 21 -

Author's note: La Di La La!!!! I LOBE YOU GUYS SO MUCH!!! as always, 
VOMMENT for more xxx 
- 22 -

(Chapter 4) 
I ran out of the house, my heels not helping me at all in my mission to get the hell 
away. I’d never done…that before. Sure, I’ve played hard to get, but when you’re 
pretty much gotten, that move loses all the power. I’ve never stopped a hot, 
nice-smelling guy from kissing me before. Maybe something wrong with me?! Had I 
inhaled too many dumb public school germs from the dumb public school students? 
I searched through my pockets, almost at the end of Carter’s road, for my Smart 
Car keys. Then stopped. Shit. I left my car at school. What the hell was I meant to 
do? I couldn’t walk home the sixty miles or so that were between mine and Carter’s 
houses. Damn him, and his little suburban-area-located home. 
Should I turn back? No, seeing him would be worse than walking the sixty miles. I 
bit my lip. I could sneak back and hot-wire Tom’s car, but I’d only done it once 
before, and I wasn’t very good at the whole engine thing – it would take me at least 
twenty minutes. What about Carter’s bike? Motorbikes were easier to hi-jack, but it 
would take me about five minutes. 
I turned back. 
And saw his bike. 
Oh, it was like the bike was possessed or something, and had suddenly jumped 
closer to me. No, the thing that sent my heart thumping was the guy who sat on the 
bike. 
Carter Gray. 
“You need a ride home?” he said, his brown fringe falling just over his 
equally-brown eyes. His muscular arms gripped the handle, and flexed impressively 
as he stretched up. His jeans were tight are fit oh-so-perfectly, and his smile was 
perfect. Yum. I kind of wish I made the bet about him now. “Max doesn’t take to 
much care so his…girls.” His eyes went up and down my body, stopping at the 
hickey Max had left. 
“Sure,” I said, walking towards him, casually, flicking my hair, but covering the 
hickey at the same time. He passed me his helmet, and I slipped it on. 
“Tell me which way to go,” he said, as my arms tightened around his HARD abs. 
- 23 -

“Okay.” 
He took off, and I closed my eyes as the familiar feeling of ride a motorbike 
engulfed me – the wind, the freedom, and the sheer speed. And, of course the warm 
of a guy’s back, ad you pressed your chest against him. Damn. I had to get a bike 
soon. How long until my Dad bought me the motorbike he promised? A Kawasaki 
ZX-10R would be awesome. 
“Oh, by the way,” I yelled, against the wind. “I’m not Max’s girl. I’m single.” 
If I could’ve seen his face, he would probably have been smiling. 
“This is your house?” he asked, taking off my helmet for me. “It’s massive.” 
I looked up at my own house – the gorgeous white mansion, dimly lit by soft lights 
all around, emphasizing the whole “grand” house thing. The front lawn was lush – 
well kept by our gardener who came daily, and a bird-bath stood in the middle. 
I hated it. It was a big, daily reminder of who I was, and who I was related to – my 
parents. It was cold and empty, because my parent barely ever came home – once a 
month, for a day or so, and never at the same time. I was all alone in the house, 
something most other teenagers would have loved, but it was just boring for me. 
“Yeah,” I murmured, non-committally. “I guess. Anyway, thanks for the ride.” 
“Anytime,” he said, smiling. 
We stood there awkwardly for a few moments. I bit my lip shyly, and brushed 
away my new fringe with my hand, looking at my shoes. This is what I was good at – 
getting guys hooked. This was comfortable to me. This was easy. I was most 
definitely not different. I was exactly the same girl before I met Max – I mean, came 
to this school. Damn it. 
I looked up at his again, through my eyelashes. 
“Thanks again,” I said, smiling my best smile now. I leaned in (well, up. Wow, he 
was tall), and kissed his cheek, pressing my face against his neck. 
“I’ll return the favour,” I whispered. 
- 24 -

Time for a dramatic departure. 
I’ve so not changed. I’m the same bad-girl I always was. 
“Get up, Miss Alexis, please. It is time for school,” my Maid said, opening my 
curtains. I winced, and pulled the duvet over my head. 
“I’m not going to school today,” I said, my voice muffled from the 
hiding-from-the-blinding-sun thing. “I’m very sick. Cough, cough.” 
“Miss Alexis, please get up. There is a package your father sent for you.” Oh 
great, another foreign doll for my stupid semi-mummified by dust China Doll 
collection. Did he not realize I was already, like, seventeen? 
“But I’m ill. Cough.” 
“Miss Alexis, I’m not going to call the school and tell them that you’re sick, just 
because you’re saying the word ‘cough’. Now please, get up! Your father’s package 
is slightly bigger than usual.” 
I jumped up, out of bed, abandoning the whole “sick” thing. OH MY GOD! 
“Is it the bike? TELL ME it’s the bike?!” 
She smiled at me. 
“Yes, Miss Alexis, it’s the bike.” 
I ran all the way screaming down the stairs, even though I was in nothing but 
some lacy lingerie. I ran into our garage, dashing past my ugly Smart Car, and 
running towards the glossy red bike I saw, decorated with a big pink bow tie. I 
recognised it thing easily. The Honda V4. The most beautiful, modern motorbike in 
the world. 
I hugged it, feeling the glossy paint. There was a card, attached to the big bow. 
Alexis, this is the bike I promised. I have not yet had any reports of misbehaviour, 
and so this is me keeping my end of the bargain. 
Your Father. 
- 25 -

“I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, DAD!” I said, squeezing the front wheel. It was so 
beautiful. “Hey, Katrina!” My Maid came in, smiling at me – probably because I was 
semi-naked, sitting on cold concrete, hugging a bike. 
“Yes, Miss Alexis?” 
“You like Smart cars, right?” I said, tossing her the keys to my crappy pile of car (I 
kept the keys under the thing. I’d lose them otherwise, and plus, no one would ever 
want to steal it) that, though was still new, looked like shit next to my new bike. 
“Here’s today’s bonus. Why don’t you take it out for a spin?” 
I flew against the wind, my cool pink leather gloves tightening as I went around a 
steep bend. This is what I loved – knowing I was awesome at this, but that if I 
swerved and crashed I could die – my life was in my own hands. It’s only in these 
moments, I feel free. 
Okay, so I gave in and went to school, but it’s only to keep this whole thing up 
with my Dad – maybe, if I tried harder, he’d give me my Ferrari back – totally my life 
and soul. 
My scarf was flapping like crazy – I’d gone for a more casual look today – black 
Armani skinny jeans, with a red Hollister T-shirt, and a Chanel leather jacket. Oh, 
and my navy converses (I have about a billion Converses at home). The only thing I 
needed to complete the “biker-chic” look was an actual helmet. You know, since it 
would be semi-helpful if I do crash. 
I got to school way fast (another thing I loved about bikes. The fact you could 
overtake someone without getting a ticket, or crashing into a car going the opposite 
way) which was kind of a bad thing, since I REALLY didn't want to go to school. I 
skipped a load of lessons yesterday so there would be hell to pay, plus I had History 
first thing, which would be awkward to the point of suicidal. We were working on 
our projects today and the stupid teacher had put me with Max. I parked my 
motorbike in the school car park, and made towards the school gates. 
Suddenly, I was vibrating. What the hell? 
I opened my new Marc Jacobs tote, and my iPhone was vibrating, and a picture of 
Ollie pouting on the screen. I leaned against a wall, and picked up. 
“Olivia?” 
- 26 -

“Allie!” 
I groaned. 
“Don’t call me Allie. I hate Allie.” 
“You’re nickname’s Allie?” a deep male voice behind me said. I turned. Carter. 
“I’ll call you back.” 
Before I cut Ollie off I heard her yell – “No wait don’t who was–”. I slipped my 
iPhone back into my bag. 
“If you call me Allie I’ll deck you,” I said, smiling up at him. 
He smirked, like he was thinking, “I’d quite like that.” 
“My friends call me worse. Max calls me Vroom Vroom.” 
I giggled. 
“That is bad. He literally calls you that every time he sees you?” 
He nodded, sticking his hands into his jeans, looking like (cute) embarrassed little 
boy. Kind of sweet. 
“Is this your bike by the way?” he said, running a finger over the seat. “It’s 
awesome. The Honda V4?” 
“Yeah,” I said. “It’s mine. Just got it last night.” 
“What, my crappy bike reintroduced your love of riding?” 
I laughed. 
“I guess. How did you know I rode?” 
“I can tell,” he said, smirking. “You got on yesterday without showing your 
panties. That skill takes at least a couple years to master.” 
“And you would know, because…?” 
- 27 -

We laughed together, and I started walking to school, “Vroom Vroom” (LOL) 
beside me. This was nice – you know, casually flirting with a hot guy. Familiar. 
“Where you heading?” 
“My homeroom.” 
“Want me to walk you?” 
“Yeah,” I said, nodding. “Let’s go.” 
“Oh my GOD,” Ollie hissed, as soon as Carter was gone. “Was the Carter? Wow, 
you really don't waste time, do you?” 
Cheerleader was next to us in our homeroom (how did I miss that before?! I AM 
SO UNOBSERVATIVE!), and was looking at me in interest – I’m surer she would’ve 
loved to go up to Max and say something like, “Hey, you know that girl Alexis? Yeah, 
well, she’s going out with your friend Carter.” Like I’m going to let that happen. My 
parents were completely serious this time – If I get kicked out of this one, I have to 
go move to India to work for some crappy branch of my Dad’s company. My official 
last chance. 
“Oh, we’re just friends,” I announced loudly to the whole room (all the girls were 
watching me with death-glares. Apparently it had gotten round I was Max’s history 
partner already and we were a little TOO close, and so I’d made about a billion 
enemies in the school. God, the problems you have when you’re a Hot Guy’s 
girlfriend. Thank god they’re are cute, or no one would ever go through the major 
semi-crippling issues). “He already has a girlfriend called, um, Britney.” 
The entire female population seemed to groan in disappointment, and complained 
loudly to each other. If I knew high schools, and I knew high schools, then that news 
would go around in about five minutes, which would provide a nice distraction for 
the girls who were currently busy hating me. I could see some girls get out phones 
to text already. 
The bell rang, and we all went to first lesson. I dawdled as much as I could in the 
toilets, fluffing up my hair and slicking on some lip-gloss, but then I had to go – Dad 
did say if I played up too much, he’d take the bike away, and I’d missed a couple 
classes yesterday anyway. 
- 28 -

I walked into the History room, and made for my desk. 
Max was sitting there, but he wasn’t alone. Blonde was next to him, in my seat, 
laughing at something he said. He looked up, into my eyes, and for a second, he 
looked like he’d thought he won. 
But there’s always another round. 
Bad Girl 2, The Player, 2 
Author's Note: This author doesn't share the opinion expressed in this chapter. 
Since the author is a dumb public school students, the author can't really talk. The 
author now wants you to vomment some more :) 
- 29 -

(Chapter 5) 
Blond finally moved away, giving me a look that clearly said, “Stay away from 
him”. Oh, so Blondie was going for Max too? What’s Cheerleader going to say? 
I sat in my place, and glanced up at Max, who was steadily ignoring me. He must 
be taking the rejection bad. I would, if I were him. We were both players, the type 
who got whoever we wanted – there was no one in the world that could resist us. 
But do players fall for players? No, players fall for innocent little girls. I guess if I 
want to win this bet, I have to become that girl. 
“Max…?” I asked, my voice timid. Damn it, I was going to have to go all out. “Are 
you mad at me?” 
He looked at me, kind of shocked, but didn’t reply. 
“Whatever I did, I’m sorry. Will you…forgive me?” Cue fake tears. 
“I…Of course,” he said, looking really surprised now. It wasn’t like I was actually 
crying (I’m not that amazing), but I knew I had that about-to-burst-into-tears look on 
my face. “It wasn’t you. I just…I…” 
Then he changed from spaz attack to cool, slick and confident. He thought he was 
back in control, after he made me “jealous” by using Blondie. That was a good move, 
but not enough to make me fold. I haven’t lost the game before, and I’m not going to 
lose it now. 
“I’m sorry,” he said, reaching over, and pressing his palm against my cheek. I had 
to admit that was good. Damn his pheromones. “I won’t do that to you again. Okay?” 
I nodded shyly, looking down, then up into his eyes, while trying to ignore the 
death-glares from all the girls around me (including Blondie). I bit my lip, and he 
pressed his lips against my forehead. Yep, he definitely thought he was in control. 
He was so wrong. 
“Hey Ollie!” I yelled, and she looked up from her locker – it was only a couple from 
mine. “You want to hang out with Tom today?” 
- 30 -

She stared at me, gaping like an idiot. 
“What…how?” she stuttered, her eyes wide. Then she got over all that. “Where?” 
“Max’s house. He invited me over for the History project, and he told me to bring 
a couple girls for his friends.” 
“Oh-my-god-I-love-you-so-much!” Ollie screamed, giving me a hug. “You’re so 
awesome! I can’t believe you picked me!” Then she went into the 
oh-my-god-what-should-I-wear mode that almost every girl went through before a 
major date with a crush. I smiled sardonically, mentally reminding myself to bring a 
couple spare dresses for Ollie to try out – like I could let her wear her own clothes. 
We had Gym next – a totally unnecessary torture, that if I were in a private school, 
I would not have to go through. It was something I wouldn’t normally put myself 
through, this high school was my last chance. I was explaining to Ollie after we were 
changed (into yucky green shorts and t-shirt) and were in the crumbling brick gym, 
about how private schools were way better. 
“You went to a private school?” a guy’s voice said behind me. 
“Uh huh,” I said, smiling at Carter. He grinned back, and waved at Ollie, who 
blushed and moved away. “I’ve been to four.” 
“Four?! You were expelled from all of them?” 
“Yep.” 
“For what?” 
I started ticking the schools off my manicured fingers, trying to remember. God, 
it’s tiring trying to keep track of all your crimes. 
“First school, I was kicked out for stealing the Principal’s car and driving it off a 
cliff. Total misunderstanding, by the way. I thought it was my friend’s car. The 
second school was a boarding school, and they expelled me for being in the guy’s 
dorm, with alcohol. Okay, I admit that one was kind of deserved – we were all butt 
naked when they found us.” 
Blondie slouched behind us (god, was she in all of my lessons?!), then moved away 
when I glared at her. 
- 31 -

“The third one was a stupid all-girls Catholic reform school. They couldn’t stand 
the fact that I wouldn’t wear the school uniform, so I was only in that one for about a 
week. The last one was an incredibly posh private school that kicked me out when 
they caught me with drugs. Now I’m stuck here, in this public school, and it’s my 
official last chance. If I get expelled they’re sending me away to some deserted 
branch of my Dad’s company to work.” 
A kind of awkward silence followed my mini-speech. 
“Wow,” Carter said. “You’re from a whole different world.” 
“You want to get some lunch?” he asked, putting his arm around my shoulders. 
“The cafeteria should have some great sludge today.” 
I laughed. 
“Ollie, you coming?” I asked, turning away from Carter. 
“It’s alright. I have homework to do.” 
“Okay.” 
“Oh, by the way, I don’t want to be set up for the little gathering at Max’s tonight. 
I’m not that into girls right now.” 
I quirked up an eyebrow. 
“Are you into guys? Because I know this really cute, gay guy –” 
He shoved me, gently, but I still fell over. I guess I was laughing too hard. 
“No,” he said, smirking, and giving me a hand up. “It’s just that I’ve got my eye on 
this one girl, and I don’t want her to get the wrong impression.” 
I chatted to Carter on the way to his table, begging him to tell me who he had a 
crush on. This was nice. I haven’t had a guy friend in a long time. What didn’t feel 
nice were the billion or so people (i.e. girls) glaring. I sighed, and walked on to the 
display of vomit-provoking food glistening. That’s right. Glistening. Public schools do 
suck. 
- 32 -

“I’ll just get an apple,” I said, picking one up from the basket of fruit – the only 
thing that wasn’t processed or covered in grease. I gave the dinner lady the fifty 
cents, and followed Carter to his table. Max was there, laughing with Tom. Of 
course. 
I made eye-contact with Max, and I thought he would go all ape-shit jealous about 
the fact that I was with Carter, but he just gave me a cute little smile, and waved me 
over. Whoa. That wasn’t in the Player’s Handbook. 
I walked slower, blushing slightly. Damn. He was affecting me, even half a room 
away. 
“Hey,” said random person beside me, gripping my arm. “Can we talk?” I looked 
up, dragging my eyes away from Max. Blondie. 
“No,” I said, turning away again. 
“Please,” she said, her eyes pleading. “Just for a minute.” 
I turned to Carter, who gave a dismissive wave as if to say, “Go on.” I followed 
Blondie out of the room, and behind another wooden pillar (how many stupid 
wooden pillars are there in this place? They’re just there, waiting for some poor 
innocent people to walk into them and leave with ruined hair). 
“I have a preposition,” Blond said. Wow. She knew a four-syllable word? “About 
Max.” 
“The one we made a couple days ago? I haven’t quite forgotten, honey. Why don’t 
you run back to your little cheerleading friend, now?” 
She glared at me. 
“Just listen, okay?” she snapped, and I sighed, and she carried on. “You don’t want 
to get out of this school, right? You were telling your friends that this was your last 
chance or something, and so you can’t be expelled.” 
“Were you spying on me?!” I yelled, indignant. 
“Shut up!” she hissed, and I shut up. It wasn’t like I was obeying her or anything – 
it was more of the fact that I was in shock. No one had ever told me to shut up 
- 33 -

before. “Look, I can really help you! I’ve been around long enough to know about 
Max, and his dating patterns. I promise I’ll help you, if you do me a favour.” 
“What?” I asked, my eyes wide. Blondie was really betraying Cheerleader? Whoa. 
“Break his heart,” Blondie said, her eyes pleading and shiny with…tears?! “Back 
in junior year, he went out with my sister for a month. Then he broke her. He played 
her and dumped her. Now I want to take revenge. Can you do that for me?” 
I thought about it. Was it really any different from what I was going to him – any 
different from what I’d done to every one of my boyfriends? No. Hell no. I was going 
to break his heart anyway. So what’s wrong with a little help? 
“Deal, Blondie. Let’s see if we can pull this off.” 
She smiled the smallest fraction of smiles, then flipped her hair, put her attitude 
on, and left. 
“So do you think I look okay?” 
“You look fine,” I said patiently, flipping through Elle. I was at Ollie’s house, 
getting ready for Max’s house. Well, she was stressing, and I was reading. We had to 
leave in about a minute if we wanted to arrive fashionably late, but she still wasn’t 
really. 
“How about now? Wait, how about this top with this skirt? Too flashy?” 
“You look fine. All you’re clothes are fine.” 
“Come on!” Ollie whined, flapping the skirt in front of my head, blocking my view 
of the magazine that contained much nicer skirts. “What should I wear?” 
“Oh right,” I said, slamming Elle shut, and sitting up on her bed. “Were we talking 
about that? I have some dresses I bought with me. Do you want to try some on?” 
It took her about two minutes to know that: 
a) my dresses were much nicer than anything she owned 
b) my dresses were much more fashionable than anything she owned 
- 34 -

c) my dresses were more expensive than anything she owned 
So we picked out a casual red summer dress for her (even though it was autumn), 
but I didn’t bother to change. My outfit would be fine just to go to Max’s house. 
We took a vote: she wanted to go by her car; I wanted to go by bike. She voted 
car, I voted bike, and so obviously I won. 
“Never,” she hissed, standing bending over in an “about-to-vomit” pose. She 
looked really pale and really, really scared, “ever, ever, ever, EVER, make me go 
through that again. Never. Ever.” We were at Max’s house. His house, like Carter’s, 
seemed pretty average – the normal suburban house. But really, how could I judge? 
Ollie seemed pretty impressed, saying it was twice as big as hers or something. I 
should really invite her to my house. She’ll flip out. 
Ding-dong. Oh GOD. Even the doorbell was mediocre. 
Max opened the door half-a-minute later, and smirked. 
I was in his house, now. 
“So, what’s this History project about?” I said, smiling at Max. He raised his 
eyebrows. 
“You seriously don’t know? How can’t you know? Oh my God, everyone knows!” 
I looked at him for a minute. 
“You don't know either, do you?” 
“No.” 
I smiled. 
Carter was watching us talk, with a kind of bitter look on his face. I grinned at 
him, but he didn’t smile back. Tom and Ollie were in a conversation, and there was a 
lot of laughing and smiling going on, but I couldn’t really tell what they were saying. 
“Didn’t you bring a date for Carter?” Max whispered, right in my ear. I jumped 
- 35 -

back. He’d gotten really close without me realizing it. Damn it, I was flustered. I 
tried to stifle my blush, but I had no idea how the hell you did that, so I just settled 
with a semi-constipated look. 
“Are you okay –?” 
The doorbell rang again. I dropped the constipated face, and smirked at Carter. 
“That’ll be Carter’s date. Did you really think I’ll leave you out?” Carter just 
looked kind of taken aback. 
“What?” he said. “No I said I didn’t want you to invite a girl for me! I didn’t 
want…” 
“Too bad, man,” Max cut in. “You really need a girlfriend, so I got Alexis to hook 
you up.” 
Carter wouldn't look at me, so I just stared at him. 
“Blondie!” I yelled, jumping up and greeting the blond-haired girl who’s just 
walked in, in front of a semi-shocked Max. “What took you so long?” 
She flipped her hair at Carter, then turned and shared a smile with me. 
I looked into the mirror, fluffing up my hair and reapplying my lip-gloss. It was 
really loud downstairs, and I could hear Blondie laughing. So much for her helping 
me. And I thought we were meant to do the History project right now?! 
I sighed, and left the bathroom, slipping the little tin back into my purse. Then it 
hit me. I was upstairs, all alone with no one to stop me. I pushed open the first door 
– boiler room. I pushed open the second door – parent’s room (I think. Unless Max 
wears bras…). I pushed open the third room – and jackpot. Max’s room. 
I wasn’t really curious about his, okay?! I was only trying to find our more to use 
against him. That was meant to be Phase Two of the plan me and Blondie came up 
with on the phone after school, Phase One being get him to become interested in 
me. Phase Three was simply using what we learnt in Phase Two against him (look, 
we aren’t AP students, okay?!). I think Phase One is done. 
If I weren’t curious about him, then why did this matter so much to me…? 
- 36 -

I sneaky-di-sneaked into his room, which was dark because I couldn’t find the light 
switch. I went through all his desk drawers, but found nothing interesting – no 
embarrassing photos, no secret stash, no diary. I mean, unless we counted some 
tattered editions of Playboy. 
“Alexis?” 
I spun around, quickly slamming the door shut, trying to make out who was the 
dark, tall silhouette at the door. 
“Carter?” 
“What are you doing?” 
“I…I…” 
He closed the door behind him, so it was pitch-black. When eyes adjusted, I could 
see that he’s walked up, really close to me. 
“Carter? Open the door!” I semi-expected him to get out a big axe or something 
and chop off my head. I’ve seen way too many horror movies. 
“Why did you set me up with Blondie? I told you I didn’t want to be set up.” 
“I…didn’t think it mattered that much,” I mumbled, taking a step back. You know, 
just in case he had an axe behind his back, I had more duck time. “You don’t have to 
go out with her…it’s just for fun.” 
“Right,” he said, backing me up against a wall. “Except who d’you think I like?” 
In that moment I smiled to myself. Because I’ve heard it all a billion times before. 
The chat up lines. The confessions. I’ve even heard “I love you” in a hundred 
different ways. Boys are so completely predictable. 
“Who?” I asked, playing clueless. 
“You,” he whispered, and he kissed me. 
Who d’you think is in charge now, Max? 
Bad Girl 3, The Player, 2 
- 37 -

Author's Note: la-di-da-di-da. Anyway, I love it when you guys comment! You must 
be thinking, "hmm, I won't comment cos she doesn't read comments" (f.y.i, I am a 
she LOL) but that is utterly not true!!! I get all the notifications sent to me via email, 
and I spend 10 minutes each morning going through ALL of them. So please 
vomment :) I <3 U guyzz 
P.S. Uploaded more this time cos I love ya xxx 
- 38 -

(Chapter 6) 
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” I muttered, kind of breathless, pushing him away. But only 
gently. “Slow down, Carter. You sure you want to do this, in your best friend’s 
bedroom, right now?” 
He kissed my neck, right over the hickey Max had left, ignoring me completely. 
“Yes,” he whispered, his voice husky. Damn. He was good at this too – almost as 
good as Max. I closed my eyes for a moment, just enjoying the feeling of his lips 
dancing over my skin, the feeling of his hard body pressed up against mine. His hot 
breath against my jaw-line, tracing in, slowly reaching my lips, and then – 
“You guys coming down?” an annoying, loud voice came up the stairs. 
Blondie. 
I cussed mentally, but tried to stay cool. 
“Do you want to go downstairs?” I asked, pushing him away for real. 
“No,” he mumbled, but he linked his fingers through mine, and came with me as I 
walked to the door. 
“Carter,” I said, my hand on the doorknob. “Max can’t know about this. Let’s keep 
this between us. It can be our little secret.” 
His lips formed a cute little smile. 
I leaned into him, gently pressing my lips against his, so softly we barely touched. 
Then I moved away. 
“You go down first,” I whispered. “I’ll come a couple minutes later.” 
And so I was back in the bathroom, in front of the mirror. 
I was brushing my hair, working through the knots I’d gotten when Carter pushed 
me right up against the wall. I’m so used to my hair being like this – you know, after 
you’re pushed up against a wall/tree/wooden beam/a random stranger while making 
- 39 -

out, me and my (ex) best friends actually made up a name for it. Hook-up hair. 
I lifted one side of my hair up, so I could brush through it better, and I saw 
something. I pulled up the other side of my hair. A hickey. It matched the one just 
above my cleavage perfectly. 
Then I closed my eyes. It’s times like this, when a girl wonders if she’s really a 
slut. 
“So what’s everyone doing?” I said, making my way through the big jumble of 
pizza and beer. I sat myself on the floor, opposite Blondie. She smiled at me, and 
winked, looking between me and Carter. Damn. How did she know? I’d covered up 
the hickey Carter had left with concealer, but did nothing with Max’s one. I was 
meant to make him fall for me, right? 
“You okay?” Max asked, who next to me but higher up because he was in a chair, 
looking down at me worriedly. I almost semi-believed that he cared. He was too 
damn good of an actor. Players were like that. I would know. I was the best of the 
best. 
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I said rubbing my now-pristine hair against his hand gently. 
But why did it hurt to know that deep down, he didn’t really care? 
I must be too sober. 
I leaned in, and grabbed a beer, unconsciously let Carter have a view down my 
top. But I winked anyway. Innocent (well, sort of) flirting was my forte. And it was 
fun. 
Tom and Ollie’s chatter faded off gently into background noise, mixing in with the 
hip hop music playing in the background, Blondie’s voice interrupted every so often. 
Carter joined in occasionally, his sarcastic comments making everyone laugh. 
Eventually, I lost track of the conversation. I didn’t care. I just drank, beer after 
cheap beer. I had to admit, even though expensive champagne had its pros, 
sometimes crappy, cheap beer was better. Even though it had way more calories. 
I slumped against the chair, letting my mind drift away. 
“Are you really okay?” 
- 40 -

I looked up, and grinned at Max in the chair, the way drunk people usually 
grinned. You know. Drunkily. 
“I is fine baby, hows you?” 
“You’re drunk,” he said, smiling at me, drawling his words. “You sound weird.” He 
paused, and stopped, smirking a little. “Hey, maybe I’m a little drunk too.” 
I don’t know why (maybe the adorable innocent little look on his face), but 
suddenly that seemed like the funniest thing ever. The whole world seemed funny. 
Everything was gone, the things I’d done with Carter that seemed so stupid now, the 
things I’d done with countless, faceless guys. It was all cancelled out. What the hell 
was making me feel like this? 
I collapsed on the ground, clutching at my stomach laughing, my whole body 
shaking. Everyone else had stopped to look at me, and I knew my top was up, 
showing my secret belly-button ring. 
“You know, Max?” I finally choked out. He pulled me up suddenly, so I was leaning 
into his chair. I propped myself up by holding onto his chair’s arms. I put my head 
very close to his, and looked into his gorgeous green eyes that sparkled like the 
emerald earrings I’d gotten for my twelfth birthday. He was hot, even when he was 
hammered. “I… really… think… I… do… like… y–” 
And that’s when I passed out. 
=Hailey= 
“Wake up, idiot!” Max hissed. “Wake up! Finish that sentence! Finish it!” 
Why did he want to know so bad? This was all just a game to him. He was playing 
Alexis like he was playing every other girl he’s gone out with. Why did he care? 
“I think she’s out, man,” Tom had said helpfully. Duh! “You want me to take her 
home?” 
“No,” Max sighed, grabbing Alexis by her back, and slinging her over his shoulder 
like some puppet. “I’ll do it.” 
+Alexis+ 
My eyes opened a crack, but all I could see were blurry shapes…I would’ve been 
- 41 -

confused, but right now, I didn’t even care, I was so tired. All I know is, I’m in my 
bed. 
Maybe it’s a dream, maybe not, but Max is here. Why would he be here, in my 
bedroom? It’s so dark, I can’t tell for sure, but I think Max kissed my forehead. I 
think he whispered something to me, something that’s very important. I have to 
remember what he said. I have to remember what he said… 
I can’t forget. 
“Morning!” 
“Argh!” The sun had not gotten any dimmer, even though I had a massive 
hangover. How inconsiderate. 
“You came in really late yesterday, Miss Alexis. Your Father will not be pleased.” 
I swore at her. After all these years, did she really think I still cared? 
No, I had more important things to wonder about. Like how I got here. What 
happened after I passed out…? I tried to go into my hazy drunken memories. How 
did I get here? 
“Morning, Alexis!” 
“Shh!” I hissed. My big sunnies weren’t helping. I had a killer head-ache. God, 
hangover’s a bitch. “Some people are still recovering here!” 
“Sorry,” Ollie said, looking guilty. She should be. What did she expect when she 
yelled at someone who just entered a room wearing big sunglasses? God, get a clue, 
Ollie. “Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine,” I said, massaging temples. “You?” 
“I’m okay. Did you get home last night?” 
“Max drove me, and put me in bed.” I think. I can’t really remember. 
“Okay. Guess what?” 
- 42 -

I smiled, even though I was suffering intense pain from the noise around me. 
She’d obviously been desperate to tell me something since the moment I walked in. 
But why so much small talk? 
“What?” I asked, playing along. “What is it?” 
“I don't like Tom any more!” she said, grinning happily. My own grin slid off my 
face. 
“Why?” And why the hell was she so happily cheery about it? I thought she liked 
him, and from the yesterday, I’m pretty sure he liked her as well. If I could read 
body language properly (and I can read body language properly. Believe me), then 
he was really into her. 
“I like Carter.” 
“What?!” I spluttered. 
“Yeah, Carter! Before, I didn’t really like him, mainly because he was supposed to 
be this massive player, worse than even Max. But after you left yesterday, he was 
really nice, which sort of goes to show that you can't judge people. I don’t know if he 
likes me or anything, but if he makes a move, I’ll definitely go for it! It’s not just that 
though, he’s really funny, and I was like…” 
Her voice drifted away into the background, as I stopped concentrating on her, 
but more on the person behind her, the guy lingering at our homeroom door. 
Carter. 
“Wait right here,” I said to Ollie. “I’m going to talk to Carter, and ask what he 
thinks about you.” 
“Is he right behind me?” she asked, her eyes excited. 
“Yeah,” I said, faking a smile. “Don’t turn around, though. Look cool.” 
I left her staring at a wall. 
“Carter, we have to talk,” I said, grabbing his arm and pulling him to my locker. 
- 43 -

“That’s never good,” he said, looking serious. He wasn’t smiling like he normally 
did. “But actually, I kind of need to talk to you about yesterday. About what 
happened.” 
“I do too. Why don't you start?” 
“I know what you were going to say to Max,” he said grimly. “You were going to 
tell him you liked him, weren’t you?” 
“What?” He wanted to talk about this? Was he jealous? “No…when was I…?” 
“You said, ‘I… really… think… I… do… like… y–’,” he said, mimicking me really 
badly, making me sound like some deranged Barbie Doll. “And then you stopped.” 
“Was that meant to be an imitation of me? Wow.” 
“Don’t change the subject,” he snapped. He was really mad. “You were going to 
say that to him, weren’t you?” 
“Carter,” I said, semi-soothingly and semi-impatiently, “look at these ginormous 
sunglasses. I only wear these when I have a hangover. I was very, very drunk last 
night. I had no idea what I was saying. It could have been Ollie I said it too, okay? 
Maybe even Blondie? It was co-incidence that it was him.” Was I lying? It felt like I 
was lying. 
“Really?” he said, semi-smiling again. 
“Yes, really.” 
“You’re not kidding?” 
“Would I kid you?” 
“Okay then,” he said, grinning down at me. “What did you want to talk to me 
about?” 
I looked at him, his innocent, sweet, cute (but HOT!) face. 
“Nothing.” 
I pulled his head down to my level (he was really tall), kissed his lips, and gave 
him a hug. 
- 44 -

Then I saw Max. 
Bad Girl 4, The Player, 2 
Author's Note: Sorry upload is a bit late, but I had a concert yesterdays :) I will try 
and make it a double-upload tomorrow, and upload both Kidnapper and Supermodel. 
Love ya xx 
As always, VOMMENT!!! 
- 45 -

(Chapter 7) 
“Oh, hey, Max,” I said, and casually as I could. “Guess what? Carter agreed to go 
out with Ollie!” 
Max’s eyes were cold, but he smiled perfectly anyway, so perfectly my heart 
raced. What the hell was it about him, which meant he was attractive even when he 
was so obviously angry? When I got angry I looked like a prettier version of Miley 
Cyrus. Which is bad, for me. 
“Really?” he said, smirking. “Did he?” 
I smiled back as naturally as I could. This was a game. Every move was always 
part of some game. Like a better-dressed real-life version of chess. 
“Yeah,” I replied, as cheerfully as I could. “Well, I’ve got to go back to my 
homeroom. See you later?” 
“Actually, I’ve got something to ask you. Alone,” he said pointedly, looking at 
Carter in a way that obviously meant, ‘go away’. Carter gave me one hard stare, 
then turned and walked away, his shoulder brushing against Max’s as he went. 
Wow. So much tension. 
“What is it, Max?” I asked, still playing innocent. He glared at me, but I just 
carried on giving him the sweet, clueless look. 
Then he grabbed my hand, and dragged me with him. At first, I semi-expected him 
to take to into an empty classroom again, so we could make out again (I would kind 
of enjoy that), but he just lead me out of the corridor, into the court yard. 
“Stop!” I yelled, trying to make him let go of my hand, but he was way too strong. 
He was a jock, after all. I tried not to let that fact make me melt (I like jocks, 
okay?!). “Where are we going?” 
He didn’t answer me, he just pulled on my hand harder, forcing me to walk. He 
didn’t stop until we reached his car in the car park. 
“Get in,” he said – no, ordered. Why the hell can’t I resist strong guys? I did what 
he said, and got in. He’d opened the door for me, chivalry style, and then gotten in 
the other side, and we drove right out of school. 
- 46 -

“Where are we going?” I asked again. I was kind of scared now. What if he was 
planning to drive us into the woods, and then murder me with a big axe? God, horror 
movies have so tainted my mind. Eurgh. I only watch them because of peer pressure 
at Halloween. 
“We’re going to a carnival.” 
“What?!” I didn’t hear him right. “A carnival? As in the ones that have the horses 
that go around in a circle?” 
Maybe he had a back-up axe there or something. Why else would he take us to a 
carnival? 
“A date,” he snapped. “It’s going to be a date.” 
“Oh,” I said. “You go to carnivals on the first date?” 
He glared at me, which made me shut up immediately. Because, you know, I was 
meant to act innocent. Not because I was scared of his (semi-sexy) smouldering 
gaze. 
“No,” he said, after a minute. “You’re the first, really. I don’t…normally do 
carnivals. I just…wanted to take you to one.” 
It took me a minute to process that he was blushing. Weirdly, it made me blush a 
little as well. 
“Oh. Okay,” was all I could say. Wow. A player blushing, and showing his cute 
side? Definitely not in our handbook. 
“So…what do you do in fairs?” I ask, trying to clear the awkward air in the car. 
“I don’t know,” he said, flushing even redder. “Eat cotton candy? Play on the 
machines? Puke behind hot dog stands?” 
“Are you regretting saying you’ll take me to a carnival?” 
“Kind of, yeah.” 
“Good. I love carnivals.” 
- 47 -

“What do you want to go on now?” I asked, biting away another massive chunk of 
my fifth fluffy pink cotton candy. 
“Calm down,” he said, looking at my mouth, which was slowly devouring the pink 
lump of pure calorie. “You’re going to be hyper.” 
“Shut up,” I snapped, finishing the stick. I glared at him. “I want more, now.” 
He smiled at me, the way someone would smile at a spoilt little kid. 
“Have mine,” he said, giving me the cotton candy chunk he’s barely touched. 
“Fanks,” I said, biting into it hungrily. He stared at me for a second, then smiled. 
“You’ve got a bit of candy on your cheek.” 
I rubbed my cheek. 
“Gone?” 
He smirks, and leans over, kissing my other cheek – just an inch away from my 
mouth. 
“Stop! What are you doing?” I stammered, somehow unable to breathe. My heart 
thumped hard, even though his lips barely brushed my skin. I breathed in his smell, 
and closed my eyes, waiting for him to kiss me – to kiss me for real, and the kiss 
would be so perfect and so beautiful, there would be fireworks and electricity and 
love, and it would be my happy ending. 
Then he pulled away, licking his lips. 
“All gone,” he said, smiling. 
I opened my eyes again. Why the hell am I like this? Why did I just…? 
I bit into my cotton candy, and shoved it around my mouth. 
“Now you have to clean all of this off, too,” I said, smirking at him through my 
pink-cotton-candy-bearded face. 
- 48 -

Okay, I don’t know if it was the sugar-high, or the fact that I was next to a hot guy, 
but I had to admit this was kind of fun. Really fun. 
We went on the big circular thingy with horses on, apparently called the 
“merry-go-round”, and then went on the Ferris wheel thing, about a billion times, 
and taken a hundred or so cheesy pictures. We had a hot dog for lunch, and a soda. 
It was cheap, it was dumb, and it was cliché, but I loved every single last minute of 
it. It was, quite honestly, the best date I’d ever gone on. 
And I was sad when it ended. 
It was about eight o’clock, and we were outside my house. 
“Bye, Max,” I said, smiling. For the first time in my life, I didn’t feel there was any 
set rules here – I didn’t have to ask him in for coffee, or give him a good night kiss, 
or ask for another date. It was just fun. 
“Bye,” he said, grinning back at me. My hand went to the door, and I was about to 
leave when he caught my other hand, and pulled my body towards him. His green 
eyes sparkled as he smirked, and whispered, “Promise you’ll be my girlfriend?” 
I looked at him, and for one second I was going to say no, the way I always did. I 
made guys work for it. I didn’t only play hard to get – I was hard to get. 
But, in that moment, the rules of the stupid “Game” I’d been playing since I was 
fifteen, didn’t bind me. I was free to do what I wanted. 
Which was why I opened my mouth. 
And said, “Yes.” 
I dreamily stared in the distance. I was lying in my four-poster bed, staring out of 
my window. Was it too soon to call him? I really wanted to call him. I picked up my 
phone, and my finger was right above the button, about to press and call the guy I’d 
only just last seen a couple minutes ago. 
Then I stopped, dropping my phone. 
What was I doing? This wasn’t me! Guys never put me into daze, I put guys into a 
daze! I can’t do this, because if I do this again, I will be hurt again. The way Kyle 
- 49 -

hurt me. 
That’s why I picked up my phone again. That’s why I texted him. That’s why I 
asked him over. To prove I hadn’t changed. 
And that’s why, an hour later, he was in my room. 
I woke up, and stretched. 
“Morning, sunshine.” 
I opened my eyes a crack, and smiled at the boy in my bed. 
“Hey.” 
“You ready to get up?” 
“No,” I said, sighing and snuggling myself closer to his chest. “What time is it?” 
He checked the clock above my head. 
“Seven.” 
“It’s the crack of dawn. Shut up and fall back asleep.” 
He complied, and we just lay there for a few minutes. I breathed his smell, trying 
to convince myself I did the right thing. Because I did, right? I was just being me – 
and this was me. 
Milkshake played from my bed-side table, and we both opened our eyes. My 
ringtone. 
I pressed accept. 
“Hello?” 
“Alexis! Are you up?” 
I ran my fingers through my hair, ruffling it. When I slept, it lost its volume. 
- 50 -

“I am, now.” 
“Sorry, did I wake you?” He didn’t sound sorry at all, just kind of amused. “D’you 
need me to give you a ride?” 
“No,” I said, smiling. “I’m alright.” 
“I’m making my way to your house already. I’ll be there in five minutes.” 
I suddenly sat up straight. Oh my God, five minutes? I glanced at the naked guy 
smirking at from my bed, and wondering if I had enough time for him to sneak away. 
“Okay,” I said, my voice coming out a little strangled. “I’ll see you in five. Bye, 
Max.” 
I hung up, and turned to the boy in my room. 
“Carter, you have to get out right now.” 
Author's Note: Was that big enough twist for you? LOL, I gotta tell ya, I spent 
about an hour deciding if I should put in an "explicit" scene or not. Then I decided I 
should keep this story family-friendly and a 15 :D 
I <3 U ALL 4 VOMMENTING!! 
- 51 -

(Chapter 8) 
"What are you talking about?" he said, frowning, his forehead crinkling adorably. 
"You have to leave right now!" I yelled, running to my wardrobe, and pulling out a 
long Chanel t-shirt, and a pair of jeggings. "Now! Get you clothes on!" 
"I'd much rather watch you get your on," he said, smirking. I rolled my eyes. Why 
are boys so stupid at the best of times? 
I pulled on the t-shirt over my bra as I said, "Shut up and just get dressed. You'll 
have to leave from my window. No complaints," I yelled when he opened his mouth, 
a confused expression on his face. 
I chucked him his jacket, and his jeans. Where the hell was his t-shirt? 
"It's hanging from your door," he said, smirking. I jumped up and tried to pull it 
down. Damn it. 
Carter got out of bed, and gently eased it down from the door for me, pressing his 
chest against my back while he did it. 
"Thanks," I muttered, trying to ignore the fact that he'd wrapped his strong arms 
around me and was softly pressing his lips against my neck. "Now put it on. You 
really have to go." 
He pulled away, and crossed his arms. 
"Why?" 
He almost pouted. My heart melted a little. He was sort of...kind of...adorable. 
"Because my Dad's coming over," I lied, smiling at him angelically. I slid my arms 
around his waist, and kissed him, trying to get him to give in. This was just another 
part of the game - trying to get him to believe your lies. 
Carter stopped semi-pouting eventually, and kissed me back. I tried to relax, and 
forget about Max, but it was so hard trying to forget that I'd "betrayed" him. You'd 
think swapping saliva with his hot best friend might help, but no. 
- 52 -

I pulled away from Carter, just as the bell rang. Shit! Was that five minutes? 
"Get your clothes on now!" I whispered. "I'll go downstairs to distract him, and 
you leave by the window, okay?" 
"Sure," he said, smiling. He pressed his lips against mine one more time, before I 
tore away and ran down the stairs. 
Max was standing there, in my landing, looking as good as usual, in his skin-tight 
jeans and a black t-shirt with frayed hems. He smirked and waved his hand when we 
made eye contact. 
And my heart did the most stupid thing. It thumped. Not a gentle jerk, or even just 
a couple quickened heartbeats. It full-on ran. I could feel it bang against my ribcage, 
pounding so hard I could barely breathe. What the hell was wrong with me? 
Maybe I was ill...? 
"Are you okay?" he asked, looking worried - genuinely worried. I was staring down 
him, the stupidly perfect Max, from the fifth step of my staircase, not moving any 
closer. Was it me, or was my heart beating faster? 
"I'm fine," I said, smiling at him as naturally as I could. 
"D'you need some help down?" he said, smirking, and before I could stop him, he 
put his hands on my waist, lifting me up. I stumbled a little, and ended up closer to 
his face than I'd imagined. 
And I smelt him. His damn pheromones. 
My heart went overload and started pumping like crazy. Why? Kissing Carter 
couldn't even bring out this much of a reaction from me, so why did just being close 
to Max do it? 
"Thanks," I said, blushing. 
"No problem," he replied, smirking. And he kissed me. 
It began, as lightly as a hush. His lips went to my cheek, then very slowly 
returning to my mouth. He paused for a moment, just a moment, then brushed his 
mouth against my burning lips. 
- 53 -

Why the fuck am I thinking so poetically? A kiss was a kiss, just like boys were just 
boys, just like sex was just sex. It meant nothing to me! I was the player, the bitch 
who broke the hearts, the one who escaped every fight unhurt, whole and alone. 
"...girlfriend," he whispered, pulling away to whisper in my ear. 
Guilt filled me, blocking out every other emotion. My fingers squeezed into a fist, 
as I tried not to let regret change anything. I didn't regret. What was done was 
done, and there was no way to change that. Guilt was for idiots. 
Behind Max's head, through the pane of fuzzy glass in my door, I saw a guy ride 
away on his motorbike. Carter. 
I guess I was just an idiot, then. 
"Isn't it beautiful?" 
"Sure," I said, putting my shades on. "It's nice." I've been to Rome a couple times 
before, to see the fashion show, so forgive me for not flipping out like Ollie was. 
Well, that wasn't fair. Everyone was flipping out, really. I didn't get the big deal. It 
was just Italy. 
It was just another lame school trip, but it was one of the better ones. We'd gone 
to Europe, which was nice. I haven't been in a while. 
"You wanna go to the beach in our free time?" Ollie asked, balancing her suitcase 
on a pillar. We were still in the airport, waiting for the stupid teacher to find out 
what the hell happened to the big bus thing he'd booked. 
"Free time?" I said, frowning. "What, like there's time when we aren't free?" 
Ollie looked at me weirdly. 
"Yeah. We have to, you know, go on tours with the rest of the class and 
everything. You read the schedule, right?" 
"What schedule?" 
She passed me a tacky black-and-white photocopied sheet. 
- 54 -

"Oh, this?" I said, scanning through it. "I thought it was a dirty napkin. Oh, wait. 
There's a mistake." 
"What?" 
"This paper has nothing but a list of really old museums on it." 
"Er," she said, semi-smiling. "They're, um, the places we're going to in the next 
two weeks." 
"You're kidding me." 
"No." 
"But...this is Rome! The city of fashion! Why would we go to museums to see 
really, really old paintings?" 
"For the history project?" 
"Oh." Huh. "Remind me, what is it again?" 
She opened her mouth, about to tell me something very important, when Carter 
jumped in. 
"Hi," he said, giving me a quick flash of his teeth. 
"Hey," Ollie said, flushing. I suddenly remembered how she said she'd liked him, 
making my heart twist again. I was such a bad person. 
But that's never stopped me before. 
I avoided eye-contact with Carter. It'd been completely awkward after that secret 
one night stand two weeks ago. Well, it was a one night thing for me, but the way he 
talked to me now, when we meet in the corridors, made me think he didn't get that. 
And I thought he knew me. I thought he knew I was a one-night only type of girl. 
God, that makes me sound like a slut. 
I've been called that so many times. People would be surprised if they found out 
how many guys I've actually slept with. 
"Hi, Alexis." 
- 55 -

I drew my attention back to current events for a second. 
"Hey, Carter," I said casually. Max might be watching. 
This feels weird. Different. Before, it was part of the fun. You know, the lies. It 
made you feel powerful because you could control some other person's emotions. 
Now, with Max, it felt wrong. I actually felt guilty. 
"Um," I said, detaching myself from the little group we'd formed. I didn't want 
Max to get the wrong idea or anything. Not that I cared, of course. This was just a 
game to me. "I have to go...away. To the WC." 
"I'll come with you!" she said. Ollie looked all panicked. She was probably afraid 
that she would flip out when she was alone with Carter. 
"Oh, okay. Hey look, what's that?!" 
They both turned and I made my escape. I ran through a large crowd of college 
students, and made my way to the stick-figure with a really-badly shaped skirt sign. 
"Hey, where you going?" 
"Carter, I told you -" 
It was Max. 
"Oh, hey Max," I said, as normally as I could. "I'm just, er, going to the restroom." 
It'd been kind of awkward with him as well. I'd avoided him for the past two 
weeks, because whenever I was with him, my heart exploded to the point of a heart 
attack. Not that it meant anything. Of course not. Hell no. No way. Never. 
"No, you're not." He smirked at me. Damn, how did he know I was lying? Wait, if 
he knew I was lying now, then did he know I was lying then...? "You're sneaking 
away so Ollie and Carter can have some time alone, right?" 
Oh yeah. I did tell him they were dating. Damn, I should really make some kind of 
PowerPoint presentation to help me keep track of my lies. 
"You're psychic," I said (thank God he wasn't). 
"Now." He put his hands on the wall, on either side of my head, so I was basically 
- 56 -

trapped in a little Max cage. Funny thing is, I don't mind. "How about we sneak 
away, so we can have some time alone?" 
"Sure," I said. Because in that moment, there was truly nothing I would rather do. 
Is this some kind of result from prolonged exposure to his pheromones? 
Because, quite honestly, I think this feeling is the closest I'll ever get to love, if it 
even existed. It's just kind of funny that Max, a player just like me, was the one who 
made me feel this way. 
Which makes me so stupid...because to him, this is all a game. 
So I have to carry on playing. 
Bad Girl 4, The Player, 3 
Author's Note: Bad spaghetti :P finally finished writing out this book's plot. some 
people will hate the ending, but whatevs. Actually, you will like it, I'm kidding 
P.S. If you vomment, I will give you a special Wattpad pressie on X-mas. Not 
figuratively, either. I will literally give you fans a pressie, in the form of a book. 
HINT HINT HINT!!! 
- 57 -

(Chapter 9) 
“Where are we going?” 
I couldn’t help but be a little excited. I mean, this was Rome. The city of love. 
Fine, PARIS is the city of love, but big difference. 
Why the hell am I thinking about love?! This was nothing to do with love! Love 
was stupid. Love didn’t exist. Love is dirty, filthy and unreal. 
“How about we take a private tour of Rome? I know some nice places to go.” 
“You’ve been here before?” I asked, surprised. My whole tone was saturated with 
‘how? He’s so lower-class’. He picked up on it, and smiled at me. 
“Came here last year, for an International soccer competition.” 
“You play soccer?” 
“Yep. Carter’s way better, but I like soccer a lot more than football. There’s too 
much pressure, you know, with football. Soccer is more like a hobby.” 
I wound my fingers into his, almost naturally, like I’d been doing it since forever. 
“Where d’you want to go, then?” 
“I know a pizza place. Pizza the right way, not the stuff we have back in the US.” 
“Can you speak Italian?” 
“Only one sentence - il mio piccolo amico è venuta fuori.” 
I laughed. 
“What? What did I say?” 
“You said, ‘My little friend is coming out’.” 
“Oh.” 
- 58 -

“Yes.” 
“So that’s why they kicked me out last time.” 
=Hailey= 
I tossed my hair, and watched the blond strands catch the light from the bus 
window. Damn. I so needed some deep conditioning. 
“Where’s Max?” 
I looked up, fully paying attention now. I had to contain her if Max was doing 
something bad. Tiffany flips out whenever Max does anything with girls at all. And 
she’s been flipping out a lot since Alexis came. 
She’s just SO possessive. I remember last time Max got a girlfriend…she flipped 
out and burnt her hair, and made the girl dump Max. Half of Max’s relationships 
have completely ruined by her – that was why the whole school seemed to think he 
was some kind of Casanova. Hell, no. Just rumours Tiffany spread to put off the 
other girls. She may look sweet, but she is the most controlling person ever. 
“I don’t know,” I said, pulling out my nail file, and fixing the little bump that had 
been annoying me for a while. “Maybe he’s with Tom and Carter?” 
Tiffany craned her neck, and looked over the seats of the coach we were all riding 
in. I should tell her that whenever she stretched her neck, she looks like a demented 
giraffe, but you know what? I can’t be bothered. 
“No!” she hissed, hitting my arm, and making me file slantily, which ruined 
everything. She was so annoying. Now if I fix that nail, it will be a different size from 
all my others nails and my life will be officially over. “He’s not!” 
How was that my fault? 
I’ve learnt not to say anything, and just let her be the crazy neurotic she is. I’ll just 
be the better-looking sidekick. 
“That’s terrible,” I said vaguely, filing my thumb. (Not really my thumb. I’m not 
that blond). 
- 59 -

“Where’ve they gone?” Olivia’s voice came from a couple seats in front of us. 
“I don’t know…” It was Carter. 
I glanced at Tiffany. I was probably the only one who knew this, but the whole 
reason Max had broken up with Tiffany in the first was that she slept with Carter, 
breaking Max’s heart. Max, being the stupidly nice guy he is, forgave Carter (bros 
before hos, man) but he and Tiffany were officially over. 
I kind of think the only reason Tiffany likes him, is because he’s the only guy with 
enough mortal integrity to not go crawling back to her when she clicked her fingers. 
“They’re both missing? Both Max and Alexis?” 
Oh thanks, Tom. You’ve now set off the psycho Cheerleader. 
“What?!” Tiffany screamed. The driver guy slammed on the brakes, and everyone 
launched forward. 
“Tiffany?” Mr Matthews said, standing up. “Are you alright?” 
“I’m fine, Mr Matthews. Sorry,” Tiffany said, flashing her sweetest smile. She 
didn’t miss a beat, did she? “I thought I forgot my swimsuit, but then I remembered 
I…have it.” 
To be honest, that is something someone like us would scream about. 
“Oh my god, Tiffany!” 
Immediately, about thirty sympathetic moans came from half the people in the 
boss – the girls, because they would be completely depressed without their 
swimsuits as well (unless they were bulimic), the guys, because they thought for 
second, that they’d lost the chance to see Tiffany in her bikini. 
When everyone settled down, Tiffany smiled at me. Her scary smile. 
“I am going to kill that bitch when she comes back. You with me?” 
Was she kidding? I was plotting against her. 
But I smiled back at her, anyway. 
- 60 -

“Sure.” 
+Alexis+ 
Okay, I had to admit, this was a cool date. 
Eating pizza in Italy, while listening to Jazz music, sitting on a balcony, looking 
over Rome. 
“Is it good?” he asked, biting into his own slice. 
“It’s good.” And I hated it at the same time. How many calories would this be? My 
mind furiously tried to calculate exactly how many fat grams this FULL FAT 
CHEESE, HEAVY PIZZA CRUST, and PROCESSED MEAT SLICES made altogether. 
Probably more than I’d had for the last ten years. 
But it did taste so, so good. 
“Where did you learn Italian?” 
I looked up, from the self-hating pit I’d just fallen into. 
“Um, my last school.” 
“Private?” 
“Yep.” 
“Expensive?” 
“Yes.” 
“Great. I have no money. Can you pay?” 
I glared at him. 
“You’re kidding, right?” 
“Of course! I’ll just do what I did last time, and tell them il mio piccolo amico è 
venuta fuori.” 
- 61 -

“What if they say, okay, show me your little friend?” 
“Then we run.” 
“Obviously. 
“Are you sure this is allowed?” 
“Sure, it’s fine.” 
I slipped off my shoes, and dipped my feet into the fountain. 
“Ouch.” 
“Did you step on a Euro?” 
“No, just a tooth.” 
“I do that sometimes.” 
We sat there for a few minutes, paddling in the water. It was completely silent, 
except for the gentle gushing of water. It was pretty cold, as it normally was in 
December. Another reason why public school kids could afford to come to Italy. We 
came way, way before tourist season. Another reason this place was completed 
deserted. I shivered. 
Max took of his jacket, and draped it around my shoulders. I smiled at him in 
thanks. Somehow, the moment was way too perfect to ruin. We sat there, on the 
edge of the Fontana di Trevi, in perfect silence, just thinking. 
With any other guy, silence was something we had to avoid, and fill with 
small-talk. Silence with Max was just…nice. 
“I haven’t seen the stars in a while,” I sighed, looking up at the blank, cloudy sky. 
“When was the last time…wow, five years...?” 
I smiled unconsciously, I looking back down at the glittering coins, illuminating 
the surface of the water, making it look like liquid silver. 
“I used to see the stars the time. Before my parents got all their money, and 
- 62 -

started living apart from each other. We lived in this pretty little town in France, in 
the smallest house ever, only two rooms. We slept side-by-side, every night, and 
sometimes it was so cold, we would have to huddle together. We were dirt poor, but 
every night we could see the stars. 
“We were happy.” 
I suddenly stopped, and realized I’d been thinking out loud. Damn, I was such an 
idiot. 
Slowly, I looked at Max. 
“I’m so sorry,” I babbled, fumbling as I picked up my shoes. “For talking about 
that. You probably didn’t want to know that. Shall we go? I’m kind of cold, and…” 
Max pushed me into the water. 
“Crap!” I screamed, flailing. “Oh my God, what did you do that for?!” The shock 
from the freezing-cold water hit me, and my hands violently shivered as I tried to 
stand up. 
“What the hell was that?” I yelled, hitting him violently. “I share a piece of my 
soul, and you want a water-fight?!” 
I banged my fists against his chest, as hard as I could, splashing his stupid face 
with water. Tears were flowing now, but they were quickly washed away by the 
fountain water. How could he? I thought he was different, I thought he gave a damn. 
But like everyone else I knew, he was just another heart-less, cold bastard who 
didn’t give a shi– 
Max held my hands together, stopping me. 
And he stopped everything, with just one look. His green eyes, normally filled with 
a kind of sarcastic boredom, were completely different. I knew he cared. I knew he 
really cared. 
My heart thumped, in sort of a twisted mix of fear…and something else. I was 
afraid, because his eyes told me the whole game had changed. And if I believed 
that…then I would get hurt again. 
But what was the something else? 
- 63 -

His face came closer, so close I could see every water droplet on his eyelashes. He 
blinked, and a single drop fell on my face. His hot breath raised goose-bumps on my 
skin. The numbness from the icy water was all gone now. I didn’t feel cold at all. I 
felt more alive than I’d ever been in my life. 
He delayed, for a second, just for a second, which somehow made the moment a 
whole lot sweeter. 
He was going to kiss me. 
He’d already kissed me before, but this time it was different, it really meant 
something… And it would change everything between us. This kiss wasn’t really a 
kiss, but the defining moment of forever. It would make me forget everything else, it 
would make me forget everyone else, and I would be truly his. 
Love. 
“You kids can’t make out here! This is the Fontana di Trevi!” 
Almost in a funny way, we both turned at exactly the same time. It was the 
fountain maintenance guy. 
I pushed Max into the fountain, grabbed my shoes, quickly making a run for it. 
If you’d asked me, I would’ve said it was because I was scared of being arrested. 
But deep inside, the real reason was because I didn’t want his to see my face. I was 
relieved. If I’d actually kissed him, something bad would’ve happened. I would’ve 
lost to him. I would’ve lost to a Player. The worst fate in the world. 
But, at the same time, I kind of regretted it. 
I paid for my taxi ride, and snuck into the hotel. Well, Motel. It was crappy and 
bleak. 
My fingers shivered violently as I tried to jab the lift button. Max’s jacket was 
damp, and just made me colder, so I took it off. This is just one more reason why I 
hate cheap hotels. It’s colder inside than outside. 
Finally, I managed to press it, just as the lift opened. Great. That was five minutes 
wasted. 
- 64 -

“Alexis, are you okay?” 
“I’m fine, Carter.” 
He whipped off his jacket, and draped it around my shoulders, just like Max had 
done. Max… I suddenly felt guilty. I’d just left him there... 
And now I was letting Carter hug me. 
In all fairness, Carter wasn’t trying to grope me or anything, but just trying to 
warm me up. He was being sweet. He was a nice guy. 
I closed my eyes, and let him stroke my hair. He wasn’t like Max. He couldn’t hurt 
me. He was just like every other boring, stupid guy. 
When the lift doors closed again, I was kissing him. 
Bad Girl 5, The Player, 3 
Author's Note: Not my best, because I was very very ill :( Damn X-mas weather 
P.S. Here is useful guide: 
Hailey=Blondie 
Tiffany=Cheerleader 
P.P.S. VOMMENT!!!! 
- 65 -

(Chapter 10) 
Slowly, I unlocked my Hotel Room door, and flicked on the lights. 
I was the only one who got a single, deluxe suite, mainly because my Dad was 
funding a new section in the school library. 
I stripped off my clothes, and turned the shower on, full heat, and let the hot 
water beat down on my skin. I would’ve had a bath, with the new bath bombs I’d 
bought with me, but I just didn’t have the energy to stay awake for that long. My 
muscles were tired, and I think I had a bruise from when Max pushed me over, into 
the fountain. 
Why did he do that? 
I turned off the water, and there for a second, my eyes closed. I kept replaying the 
moment in my mind. Max looking into my eyes, and the connection…the stupid 
connection. 
I grabbed a towel, drying my hair, and pulling out my favourite big t-shirt I always 
slept in. I glanced at the mirror, and froze. I gazed at my reflection, for a second, 
and realized what was different. Max’s love bite was gone. 
I should be happy, right? 
Letting out a sigh, I tried to shut off my stupid confused thoughts, and collapsed 
on my bed. I thought, as tired as I was, I would fall asleep immediately. But it took 
me a long time to fall asleep. 
Maybe because I had Max’s stupid face in my head. Maybe because I was feeling 
so guilty. Maybe because I was hating myself so much. 
I can’t believe I’d rejected Carter. 
Knock knock. 
My eyes snapped open. Someone just knocked on my door. My heart slammed 
against my chest, and stayed there, thudding against my ribcage painfully. Who was 
it? 
- 66 -

Knock knock. 
I grabbed a lamp, and tiptoed to the door. What kind of sick freak would knock on 
a door at two o’clock in the morning? Some kind of…pervert? 
“Who is it?” I called out. 
Knock knock. 
It was just like a horror movie. I would open the door, and there would be a guy 
with an axe…another reason I hated Kyle. The bastard who made me watch ‘the 
Ring’ and three of the ‘Saw’ movies with him. 
I slowly slid the lock, and gently opened the door. It creaked as it opened, and I 
opened my mouth to let out a massive scream to alert the whole building that there 
was a scary man with an axe – oh. Just Max. 
“What are you doing here?” 
He glared at me. His shirt was so wet, it clung to his muscles perfectly. I couldn’t 
help admiring his perfectly chiselled arms. NO! Alexis, you have to stop this. 
“I spent all my money on our dinner,” he hissed, leaning towards me 
semi-menacingly. Though the effect was kind of ruined by the fact that his teeth 
chattering. “So I didn’t have enough for a taxi. I hitch-hiked my way here, which was 
hard because I speak no Italian. I’m pretty sure the guy went the other way. I 
walked five hours here, without my coat, because I gave it to you. I now can’t get 
into my room, because I don’t have the key, I can’t remember what number I am, 
and the reception is closed. That’s what I’m doing here.” 
“Sorry,” I said, quietly. I was sorry. “Do you want to, um, have a shower?” 
“No. I want to sleep.” 
Before I could stop him, he stripped off his shirt, and collapsed into my bed. 
“Hey!” I protested. “You’re getting my bed wet! I have to sleep on that!” 
He didn’t reply. He was already asleep. 
I sighed, and got in next to him. Max looked so peaceful and sweet when he was 
asleep. Don’t all players? I smiled a little as he gave a kind of sneeze-snore, and his 
- 67 -

eyelashes fluttered. 
“Goodnight,” I whispered, pressing my lips to his forehead. 
I turned off the lights again, I closed my eyes. I was so sorry. 
If I weren’t a stupid cynical girl, someone who wasn’t damaged, I could’ve maybe 
had a normal relationship with you. 
But I can’t let you win, Max. I can’t lose to a player again. 
“Wow,” Blondie breathed. “Check out the talent.” 
I pushed down my Dior sunglasses, and looked at the guy she was pointing at. The 
lifeguard. I kind of had to admit, he looked good, in his little shorts. It was free time, 
and me and Blondie came to the beach. Ollie bailed. 
In the morning, Max and I’d gotten way told off by the teacher, about how we ran 
off. Thank god he had no idea Max stayed in my room last night. He would’ve 
flipped. Whatever. Like the teacher could actually punish me. Not when my Dad 
gave them…how much was it again? 
“Eh…” 
“Eh? What the hell d’you mean, eh?” 
I smirked at her. 
“I’ve seen better,” I said, shifting around in the lukewarm sun. I stretched at a 
strap of my bikini, trying to make it bigger. I was cold. 
“Right.” 
“You only think he’s hot because he’s Italian.” 
“Come on,” she said, sipping a little more of her diet coke. We were in a seaside 
café, sitting on the outside patio chairs, both in out bikinis (because, let’s face it, 
there’ll be no other chance to where them). “You can’t say that not a total turn-on.” 
“I repeat, eh.” 
- 68 -

“You’re weird.” 
“You’re just superficial.” 
Blondie was surprisingly fun to hang out with. Kind of reminded me of the old 
days in my private school, before the whole driving-off-the-cliff-in-the-Principal’s car 
thing. 
No one else knew why I did it. I’d been a straight-A student, a bunch of lame 
extra-curricular things to put of my Uni app to Yale, and the perfect boyfriend. Kyle, 
that son of a bitch. 
When he cheated on me, I got so high I stole the first car I saw, and drove it off a 
cliff. 
“Where’s Cheerleader?” 
“Tiffany? Probably making Max stay with her in some boring library, trying to get 
him to dump you.” 
I laughed, but suddenly, I didn’t really find it funny. Kind of the opposite, actually. 
I felt…angry. Not jealous. Definitely not that. 
“So anyways,” Blondie said, carrying on, “we missed you guys yesterday. Where’d 
you go?” 
“We had some pizza, went to a fountain, then came to the hotel.” 
“How’s the plan going?” she asked, pulling out a cherry from her coke, and biting 
in it. 
I tried to remember what she was talking about. Oh…yeah. Crap. I’d completely 
forgotten. 
“Um, yeah, nice. Great.” 
She looked at me, and I knew she could tell I was lying. Was I so damn 
transparent? 
“Don’t forget it about the plan, okay? Always concentrate on the plan.” 
“I know.” 
- 69 -

We both sat there, in silence, listening to the sound of the waves, and the laughter 
of two kids THE ONLY OTHER TWO PEOPLE ON THE BEACH. Ollie was well away, 
in some restaurant, flirting with Carter. Well, I say flirting, but I’m pretty sure it was 
Tom making light-hearted conversation in the background, while Carter laughed, 
and Ollie drooled. 
“I get that it’s hard,” Blondie murmured, very quietly. 
“What?” 
“Resisting Max. There’s something about him…but remember all the girls he’s 
hurt. Including my sister. You’re not doing it for us, but for all the girls he’s have 
hurt.” 
“I know.” 
“Look, I know something. It might help you. The reason Tiffany and Max broke up, 
was because –” 
“I don’t need to know,” I said, draining the rest of my coke. “I have enough 
experience. You don’t need to tell me how guys think.” I stood up, and walked away. 
“Are you sure?” 
I looked back. Truthfully? No. Hell no. 
“Yes, I’m sure.” 
I walked right into the freezing cold ocean, and dunking my head right in. I 
needed to think clearer. 
=Hailey= 
She was falling for him. I could tell. 
Alexis resurfaced from the ocean, and shook her hair out, breathing in deeply. She 
was confused. 
I sipped a little bit more of my diet coke. It would still be cold for a long time. 
After all, it was winter. It was completely ridiculous for us to be out here in bikinis in 
- 70 -

the winter, yet, here we were. Oh, how we suffer for fashion. 
“Do you want refill?” a waiter said from behind me, in a hot Italian accent. Yum. 
“Sure,” I replied, smiling. He poured some more coke into my practically full 
glass. “Thanks,” 
He grinned back at me, and I picked out another cherry, slowly pressing it against 
my lips, batting my eyelashes at him. Alexis didn’t get it. Italian guys were hot. 
“We have to get back.” 
Alexis. Completely ruining the moment. 
“Sure,” I said, throwing down a couple Euros on the table. Alexis grabbed her 
beach bag, and I stood up. I walked up to the waiter, and tucked his tip into his back 
pocket. 
“See you later,” I whispered. 
I guess he’ll be my holiday fling. 
+Alexis+ 
“And, beside you, is the Vatican City grand…” 
To be honest, the tour guide could’ve said it was Jesus Christ himself, and I 
wouldn’t have given a crap. 
I glared at Tiffany, who was hanging onto Max’s arm like some kind of tentacle-y 
octopus thing. Clingy, much? Max caught my eyes, and smiled. My heart thumped, 
and I quickly looked away again. 
Blondie was chatting to Carter, and he was laughing, while Ollie sulked quietly in 
the background. God, get some game, Ollie. To be honest, she was kind of annoying 
me now. She clung onto Carter desperately, twenty-four seven. And the way me and 
Blondie had a nice girl-to-girl bonding session this morning at the beach? Could that 
ever happen between me and Ollie? No. 
Carter winked at me, and I smiled back. I guess he wasn’t angry about the whole 
- 71 -

me-rejecting-him thing. 
My heart didn’t thump, now. It didn’t even jerk. 
Damn it. 
“Is this tour over yet?” I whispered to Ollie, who had stuck herself to Carter’s side. 
She ignored me, forcing herself to laugh at something Carter said, so it was Tom 
who answered me. 
“Nope. I reckon a couple more hours, maybe. We haven’t even gone to the 
Museum.” 
I groaned, mentally, and gave in to my selfish desires, pulling out my iPod and 
headphones so I could block out the tour guide’s drony, bored-out-of-my-mind, 
I-can’t-believe-I-have-to-spend-my-life-doing-this voice. I would use that voice too, if 
I were him. 
“What were you guys doing yesterday?” Tom asked, still in the “conversation”. I 
pulled out an earpiece (Still haven’t gotten round to buy those cool wireless ear 
things). 
“Nothing.” 
He looked at me, confusedly. 
“It’s nothing to do with you, Tom.” 
“Fine,” he said, turning away. 
Why did he care, anyway? 
“Hey,” Max said, right into my ear. He wound an arm around my waist, and I 
couldn’t help but inhale his pheromones again. Damn it. 
“What do you want?” I hissed, throwing his arm off. 
“Are you mad at me?” he asked, his eyes going all wide. Like a little puppy. My 
heart melted a little at this, but I refused to look at him. “I’m sorry, but Tiffany made 
me stay with her. I didn’t mean to upset you…I’ll never talk to her again, if you 
want.” 
- 72 -

He didn’t want to upset me. 
I almost cried. Why was I feeling so damn guilty?! Being guilty was not me! I 
didn’t feel guilty…I’m not meant to feel guilty! 
“No,” I said, looking down. “I don’t want to be the tyrannical girlfriend.” 
He suddenly smiled. 
“What?” 
“Nothing,” he said, kissing my neck. “I just haven’t heard you call yourself that 
before. You know, my girlfriend.” 
My heart broke. 
I wound my arms around his neck, and kissed him. 
A couple hours later, it was free time again. 
We were shopping. “We” being me, Max, Carter, Tom, Blondie and Ollie. Like a 
little gang. 
“Wow!” Ollie said, practically pressing her face against the glass. “Aren’t they 
beautiful?” 
“Sure,” Carter replied, staring at me. Damn it, Carter! Look away! He was really 
annoying me now. Didn’t he get that it’d been a one-time thing? 
“Which ones do you like?” Max asked, staring at me as well. 
We were standing outside Swarovski. Kind of stupid, because you got that back in 
the US. There was no point being here. 
I stared at the collection, the little gems sparkling. Nothing looked particularly 
attractive to me. They all just looked like pieces of glass. I just didn’t really get why 
people liked gems so much. 
“I don’t like any of them,” I said, turning away, but Max stopped me. 
- 73 -

“Come on. Just pick one.” 
“Fine. I guess I like…those headphones.” 
I pointed at the pink gem-stone-encrusted headphones. It said “Featured Item”. 
Price tag, five-hundred Euros. Hey, actually, now that I see them, they’re kind of 
cool. They were wireless. Exactly the ones I wanted. 
“Hey, wait a minute, I’m going in to buy them.” 
Everyone gaped at me. 
“Are you kidding me?” Tom said. “They’re five hundred Euros.” 
I ignored him, and went into the shop. 
“Excuse me,” I said, to the pretty Italian girl behind the counter. “I’d like to buy 
the pink headphones in your display.” 
She didn’t even look at me, and just flicked to the next page of her copy of Vogue, 
obviously just thinking I was some kind of American idiot. 
“Out of stock.” 
I grit my teeth. 
“You have a pair in your display.” 
She finally looked up, and gave me a sweet smile. 
“Out. Of. Stock.” 
I smiled back at her. 
“What are you going to do about that, then?” 
“Let’s just go,” Max said, pulling at my arm. I glared at her on the way out. 
“Did you really want those headphones that badly?” he asked, glancing at me. 
“Yes,” I said, sulking. “They were like yours.” 
- 74 -

He looked at me. Then he started laughing. 
“What?” 
He pulled me into a hug. 
“You’re so cute.” 
I blushed. That’s probably the first time a guy’s ever called me cute. I’ve had sexy, 
hot and even cutthroat-bitch a couple of times, but never cute. 
=Hailey= 
The spaghetti was amazing. 
I bit into it, trying not to get sauce down my top. 
I’d told Tiffany I was spying on them for her. But I was actually having a good 
time. 
I was also trying to work out if Alexis was just an amazing actor or really into him. 
Right now, I really couldn’t tell. She was being the nicest I’d ever seen her…I didn’t 
know if that was just what she was like with Max, or if she was acting. 
They were feeding each other food. Bleurgh. That’s why I hate couples. So gross. 
A hot Italian guy came towards us, his eyes on Alexis. I put down my fork. Here 
comes drama. 
+Alexis+ 
“Alexis?” 
I looked up. 
“Oh my god, Antonio, I haven’t seen you in ages!” I said, jumping up, and giving 
his a big hug. “How’ve you been?” 
“I’ve been great. You still a bad girl?” 
- 75 -

I laughed. 
“Yes. You still a bad boy?” 
Private joke. Nothing dirty, I swear. As hot as he is, Antonio is, he’s just a friend. 
“Guys, this is Antonio, my old friend. Say hi.” 
Everyone waved, but Max and Carter looked kind of angry. 
“You know there’s a party in Marc’s place?” Antonio said, ignoring my friends. I 
didn’t blame him. They were obviously high school kids. 
“Which Marc?” 
“The photographer. The one who took that featured picture of you for Vogue.” 
“Oh, him? Wow, tonight?” 
“Do you want to come?” he said, emphasizing the “you” part. I smiled at him. I’ve 
changed, though. I’m not longer the ditch-my-friends-for-a-party kind of girl. I’d 
matured. 
“Sure. If my friends are in.” 
I looked at them, and they all kind of nodded in agreement. I turned back to 
Antonio, smiling. 
“Max!” I yelled over the music. Damn it, where was he? I must’ve lost him. Crap. 
To be honest, the only reason I’d agreed to come to the party, was so we could slip 
away and have some alone time. 
I took another swig from the bottle of beer in my hand. 
The music pounded loud, probably breaking my eardrums. Sweaty dancers 
jumped up and down, and moving in unison, all to the same beat like a giant pulsing 
organism, pressing againzt each other. Lights flashed, bouncing off their cheap 
jewellery, illuminating people in different colours. A girl puked in the corner. 
I’ve missed this feeling. The feeling of being detached from the rest of the crowd, 
- 76 -

as your head swam and pounded at the same time. Buzzed, but a hundred times 
better. 
Blondie seemed to be having a good time. She was making out with one of 
Antonio’s friends, and Ollie was sitting in a corner, looking lost. I searched the 
crowd for Max, but just found Carter and Tom, playing some beer game, and were 
getting pretty smashed. 
“Max!” I screamed again. 
“Are you looking for me?” 
I turned around, and threw my arms around him, almost like I was afraid to lose 
him. To be honest, I could’ve punched him in the face. I was pretty drunk. 
“Where were you?” I asked. “I was getting worried.” 
He looked down at me, not very happily. 
“I was trying to –” 
I didn’t hear the end of that sentence. 
I’d slammed him into the wall, and was kissing him. I have no idea why I did it – 
just in that second, Kyle’s face came into my mind. Two years ago, a lifetime ago, I 
was at a party just like this, with Kyle. Suddenly, I felt kind of disgusted. Max was 
the only one who could solve that. 
Even drunk, I reckon I did a pretty good job. 
My lips worked expertly over his mouth, going from gentle to hard, varying the 
pressure the way Kyle, stupid Kyle had taught me. That bastard…I hated him so 
much. 
Fuck him. I was over him. 
My mouth went to his neck, and I left a trail of kisses, before going back to his 
mouth. My fingers ran through his hair. I pulled out every single trick Kyle’d taught 
me. I bit his lip, gently teased it, before flicking my tongue into his mouth. I was 
nothing but a stupid machine who could give pleasure to guys. Kyle’d told me that. 
Kyle was right. 
- 77 -

“Come on,” I slurred, dropping the bottle. “Let’s go.” 
I opened a door to bedroom, pulled Max in, and locked the door. This was all I 
was. 
This was all I could ever be. 
I was barely aware that Max was trying to resist. 
I kissed him long and hard, our tongues working in unison, weaving and dancing 
together. I grabbed his hand, and put it to my own chest. Go on, Max. Use me. Just 
like all the others guys. I was nothing but sex to them. I’m nothing but sex to you. 
My hands worked up his shirt, and I pressed my fingers against his chest. I pulled 
myself closer to him, close enough to know he was feeling it too. 
Go on, Max. Prove me right. 
My hands left his chest, but just so I could pull my own shirt off. Look at me, Max. 
This is what you wanted. This is all you wanted. You’re a stupid player, just like 
every single one of them. You’re nothing. 
Break my heart, Max. I’ll let you break my heart. Just this once. Just you. 
I shoved him onto the bed, and straddled his waist. I kissed him again, slower this 
time. He tasted like cheap beer. Whatever. Maybe that was just me. 
I pushed his shirt up, so I could feel the hard wall of muscles. I knew exactly how 
this was going to go down. We would sleep together. Maybe, at the end, he would 
tell me he loved me. When the morning came, he would be gone. I wouldn’t care. It’s 
been a long time since I’ve cared. 
My fingers gripped on his shirt, and I pulled up. 
Why aren’t you responding, Max? Why aren’t you like the other guys? 
His hands went other my mine, trapping them. 
“Stop,” he whispered. 
I froze. 
- 78 -

Why aren’t you like the other guys? 
“Alexis, we don’t have to do this.” 
I looked at him. A few tears dripped onto his chest, staining his shirt. 
“Are you crying?” he asked. 
“Am I not good enough for you?” I whispered. 
“No!” he said, his voice sincere. His green eyes shone, even in the dark, and I 
almost believed him. He sat up, and pulled me into a hug. His thumb wiped away my 
tears. “Why would you think that?” 
“Then why are you stopping me?” 
He looked into my eyes. 
“Because I don’t want our relationship to be based on sex. I think this could be 
different. Don’t you?” 
I couldn’t turn away from him. 
“Why are so nice to me, Max?” 
“Because I really like you.” 
I smiled, but my heart broke. If only I could believe him. 
But for the first time, I fell asleep next to guy knowing he wouldn’t be gone in the 
morning. 
The teacher almost had an aneurysm when we turned up at the hotel again, and 
yelled at us for about half-an-hour. The fact that we both smelt like beer didn’t help. 
Tiffany came down the stairs, and saw us together, both wearing the same clothes 
we were wearing yesterday. 
I smirked at her. That’s right, bitch. 
- 79 -

The teacher walked off, and Tiffany came down the stairs. 
“Max…you didn’t!” she whispered. “How could you…do this to me?” 
Max looked kind of taken back. 
“What are you talking about?” 
“You two sluts deserve each other!” she screamed. “A slut who’s fucked a hundred 
guys! A man-whore who’s shagged a hundred girls! Fuck you!” 
She stormed off. 
There was kind of an awkward silence between us. 
“You haven’t slept with a hundred guys, have you?” Max asked, half-jokingly. 
“No. Have you?” 
“Not a hundred guys, no.” 
Why did a player turn down sex? 
I kept thinking about this. 
I should stop thinking. Because I knew the answer. He didn’t like me. He couldn’t 
like me. 
***Five days later*** 
The rest of the class had taken the coach home. We were both outside the airport, 
waiting my stupid taxi to come. 
Occasionally, the sound of the airplanes taking off disrupted the silence. I like the 
silence. There was no need for me to talk, no need for me to pretend. I could just sit 
in silence, next to Max. Our bodies were so close, we were constantly touching. Just 
the electricity was enough to keep me very awake. 
“So, what is your number?” he asked, suddenly. 
- 80 -

“You know my number,” I said, frowning. 
“No, I mean…how many guys have you slept with?” 
“Were you worrying about what Tiffany said?” I said, trying to distract him. 
“Just tell me.” 
“What’s yours?” 
“You first.” 
“No.” 
“I asked first.” 
“So?” 
“Tell me. It can’t be that bad.” 
I bit my lip, and wondered if I should tell him. 
“Tell me. You’re worrying me, Alexis.” 
I closed my eyes. 
“Fine. Five.” 
“Five? Just FIVE?!” 
I opened my eyes, and glared at him. Bastard. 
“It’s not like I’m a virgin.” 
“No,” he said, backing off. “It’s just the way you were, a couple days ago…I just 
thought you were more experienced. You know…” 
“Tell me your number, now.” 
He blushed. 
- 81 -

“No.” 
“You have to. I told you mine.” 
“But it’s embarrassing!” he protested. I glared at him. “Fine. Three.” 
I jumped up. 
“Three?” I yelled. “I though you were meant to be a mega-player! I had no idea 
that you were…practically innocent!” 
He frowned at me, and I couldn’t help but kind of find the way he frowned a little 
bit cute. 
“Shut up,” he said, pouting a little. “I knew you’d make fun of me.” 
I wound my arms around his neck, and tried to kiss him, but he turned away. 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I didn’t mean to make fun of you.” Because I wasn’t able 
to touch his lips, I just kissed his neck. I could feel him giving in already. “Max…if 
you didn’t want me to know, why did you tell me?” 
He looked at me, his green eyes full of…something. It scared me as much as it 
made my heart flutter. 
“Because I–” 
An airplane passed, at just that moment. 
“–you.” 
“Sorry. What did you say?” 
He smirked, and leaned, brushing his lips against mine lightly. 
“Figure it out for yourself.” 
I opened up my purse, fumbling in it to find my keys. I finally found them, in the 
side compartment, then promptly dropped them. I bent down, and my fingers 
hovered over them, frozen in the about-to-pick-them-up position. What did Max say? 
- 82 -

Having retrieved my keys, I shoved them into the key-hole, still thinking. 
Maybe he was the one. I’ve never believed in love before…but he might really be 
the one. If I could forget Kyle, and let go off every belief I held. It was going to be 
hard, but Max was probably the only guy who’d be capable of making me give up on 
my player-ish ways. 
If I could forget Kyle. 
I was about to turn the keys, when the doors flung open by itself. 
I looked up, into the eyes of the guy I’d hated for so long. 
“Hey, Alexis. How are you?” 
God must hate me. 
It was Kyle. 
Author's Note: MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
As I promised, this is the ten-page update for you CHRISTMAS PRESSIES. Well, I 
hope it'll be ten pages. It was on my word document thingy anyway :) 
I spent hours writing this, so please spend a second to just click the little orange 
button, or leave a comment. Or not, you know. Don't want to force you to do 
anything you don't want to do. 
PLEASE VOTE/COMMENT (VOMMENT) AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT TO ME!!! I 
WILL LOVE YOU!!! 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 
- 83 -

(Chapter 11) 
“Get the fuck out of my house!” I yelled, pointed behind me. “Get out!” 
Kyle was looking exactly the way he had when he’d wrecked my life. 
Heart-breakingly good-looking. Damn him. His face was chiselled perfectly, as was 
his body. He looked like some Greek God, with his brown-streaked blond hair, 
muscular body, and a face models would kill for. But that wasn’t why I fell for him, 
all those years ago. I was his eyes. His stupid, twinkly, long-lashed blue eyes. 
“Calm down, Alexis,” he said, smirking. “I’m here by invitation.” 
Behind him, was the last person I’d wanted to see. 
“Alexis, darling,” my Mother said. “I see you’ve given up your disguise. I knew it 
was a stupid idea of your Father’s. As if dressing you up in glasses would keep boys 
away.” 
“What the hell is Kyle doing here?” 
“Kyle? Oh, Mr. Clark. Why don’t you come in? We’ll explain everything.” 
I should have run. I should have run long, and run hard. 
“No.” 
“Darling, you have to listen to me. This was not my idea. It was your Father’s.” 
“I don’t want that bastard living with me!” 
“I don’t want it either, Alexis. I know how you are. But your Dad seemed set on it. 
He trusts Kyle. You know how they got close when you two were dating.” 
I closed my eyes. “I know, Mum.” Like an idiot, I’d invited Kyle to my house for 
dinner, after only the third date. I was a stupid, naïve romanticist, whose heart 
deserved to be broken. 
“So just deal with it, okay? You’re Father’s just worried about you. After he found 
out you skipped school, he went crazy.” 
- 84 -

“Then why didn’t he come here himself?” I asked, my voice very soft. I don’t know 
why I was asking. I knew the answer. It was a meeting, or a business trip, or just 
that he was busy. 
“He’s been very busy the past few days.” 
I almost laughed. I knew it. 
“How’s Jake?” I asked, changing the subject in a desperate attempt not to cry. 
“Your brother? Running about in Harvard. You know, he’s apparently; he’s 
become some sort of a boxer to raise money to ‘pay his own way through school’. I 
don’t know where I went wrong with him.” 
“That’s…nice.” 
Mom looked at me. 
“Go downstairs, now, and spend some time with Kyle. I’m only going to be in town 
a couple more days. I bought a new house, so I’ll be staying there. I don’t want to 
get in between you guys.” 
I glared at her. She was the only one who knew how much Kyle had hurt me. 
How could she? 
She’d left, leaving me and Kyle stuck in a house, with no one else but my Maid. 
Fun times. 
“Kyle. Why are you doing this?” I asked immediately. 
“No reason.” 
I raised my eyebrows. Right. No reason. Just like there’d been no reason he’d 
dumped me. 
“Tell me, Kyle, or I swear to god, I will go up to the room you’re staying in, find 
your suitcase, and burn it up.” 
“Calm down, Alex. What the hell happened to you? You used to be sweet and shy.” 
- 85 -

I smiled at him. He was right. I’d been a stupid nerd. I kind of had to thank Kyle 
for changing me, or I would see be the little teacher’s pet I was today. “You 
happened to me.” 
“I won’t take credit for your whole transformation, Alex. You have to count a 
couple other people as well. Like, say…my brother?” 
I smile turned into a smirk. Right after I dumped the Principal’s car off the cliff, 
I’d finally come to my senses. Kyle had just dumped me, which got me kicked out of 
the school, and lost me all of my popularity. And I was punishing myself? Fuck it. I 
should take revenge on Kyle. 
So whose heart should I break? Craig, Kyle’s brother. 
Craig taught me a lot of things, before I broke his heart. Like never, ever, trust a 
player. Ironic, right? 
“I don’t know what you mean, Kyle,” I said, sweetly. “But I do know, if you don’t 
tell me why the hell you’re here, I will beat you so bad you won’t be able to have any 
worthless children.” 
He chuckled. “Fine, Alex. I’m here because your Dad called me up one day, and 
told me about you. He even begged me to come live with you to try and curb your 
wild lifestyle.” 
“I know that, idiot. I want to know why you accepted. I don’t think we parted on 
such good terms.” 
Understatement. Last time I’d seen him, he was hugging his brother, and telling 
me that I was a cold-hearted bitch. Payback was so sweet. 
“Your Dad offered me a pretty amazing internship in his company, if I just do a 
post-grad at your public school. So, of course I said yes.” 
I hate my Dad so much. 
“You’re here just because of that? I’m pretty sure your family could just get you a 
job at my Dad’s company. You’re not exactly lower-class.” 
“I decided to live like your brother, Jake. You know, away from my family’s 
influence.” 
- 86 -

“When did you decide that?” 
“About a split-second after I got the offer from your Dad.” 
I ground my teeth. 
“I hate you, Kyle.” 
He smirked, and put his head very close to mine. 
“Good. Revenge’ll be so much better if you hate me. I still have to pay you back for 
what you did to my brother.” 
I grinned, and leaned in, so our faces were even closer. My heart thumped with 
fear, but I didn't show it. 
“I’d like to see you try that.” 
I sat on my bed, huddled into a ball, tears flowing down my face. I couldn’t help it. 
This was Kyle. The Kyle who’d cheated on me. The Kyle who’d told me such cruel 
things. The Kyle who’d broken my heart. 
Yet, at the same time… 
He was Kyle. My first love. 
I wiped away my tears, and tried to calm down. My life wasn’t over. I could be the 
same person I always was. I think the fact that really scared me, was that Kyle knew 
who I was before I’d changed. He knew things about me no one else did. If he told 
Max… 
My breath caught in my throat, and I tried not to hyperventilate. Why was I so 
worried? I trusted Max. He wouldn’t believe anything Kyle said. Max wouldn’t leave 
me until I dumped him. 
I found my phone, and switched on the screen. My fingers went to speed-dial. I 
wanted to call Max so badly, and just talk to him. Talking to him would calm me 
down. 
I stopped myself. 
- 87 -

I can’t do that. I can’t rely on anyone. Because other people let you down. In this 
world, you have no one but yourself. 
I called Blondie instead. 
“Max is gay,” she said, licking her spoon that was covered in semi-melted Ben and 
Jerry’s sludge. Blondie’d been pretty nice. She didn’t even mention why my mascara 
had smudged, and my eyes were all puffy, and how I’d called her up randomly, 
begging her to come to my house. Luckily, I kind of managed to save that awkward 
situation, by pretending that I wanted a sleepover, and not just human contact. 
“What?” I choked on my spoon. 
“It’s obviously. No regular guy would turn down sex.” 
“Yeah, but gay…that’s a little harsh.” 
“Why else would he turn you down?” 
I thought about it, shoving a piece of ice-cream-covered brownie into my mouth. 
This was nice. I liked girl-talk. 
“He’s just…weird?” 
“Oh, I know!” Blondie said, jumping up. “Maybe he’s caught on about the whole 
bet thing! I think he’s just testing you.” 
“Oh my GOD. Really?” 
“Totally! You know what you should do?” 
“What?” 
“Two-time him.” 
I finished my ice-cream in silence, staring down at my spoon. I already had. 
Suddenly, a huge wave of guilt washed over me, and I wanted to cry again. 
“What?” she asked. 
- 88 -

“Nothing.” 
“You’re falling for him, aren’t you?” 
“NO!” 
“Are you sure?” she asked, looking very sceptical. Okay, I kind of get why. My 
voice was all high and squeaky, and I’m pretty sure I’m blushing. 
“Yes,” I said, with a bit more conviction this time. 
“Right,” she said, “but you can’t fall for him. If you do, then you’ll just be another 
bitch, trying to get revenge on his current blond-bimbo.” 
I raised an eyebrow. “Did you know that you’re also blond?” 
“Yes, I do. That’s why it’s only okay when I do a blond joke. I am one. Oh, and 
while we’re talking about this, can you stop calling me Blondie? I have a name.” 
“Which is?” 
“Hailey.” 
“Hailey? Yeah, I’m going to call you Blondie.” 
She grabbed my pillow, and hit me in the face with it. 
“Shut up!” 
I grabbed my pillow, and was about to retaliate, when I heard a voice from behind 
me. 
“Hey, ladies.” 
I screamed, and used to pillow to cover up myself, even though Kyle was outside 
the room. 
“Piss off, Kyle!” 
“Fine.” 
I turned back to Blondie, who raised her eyebrows. 
- 89 -

“I’ve wanted to ask ever since I came in, who’s the hottie?” 
I rolled my eyes. “Blondie, you can’t have this one. He’s my ex. Kyle. He was the 
bastard who broke my heart.” 
“Why’s he in your house?” 
“Long story.” 
“Tell me, we’ve got all night.” 
***The Next Morning*** 
=Hailey= 
I passed Max in the corridor. He glanced at me, and smiled. It’s been a long time 
since he’s really talked to me. I guess he felt guilty. 
I watched him, as he walked on. He saw Alexis. This time, he looked at her, one 
long, hard look, before flushing, and forcing his head away. 
She’s pretty, right, Max? Alexis is so pretty you can barely look her in her eyes. 
Why did you reject her? 
Author's Note: Hello people of the world. I am now much to tired to leave a proper 
author's note, and so I shall leave you with this: VOMMENT!!!!! 
Sorry, just feeling a little hyper. 
This is the slightly boring chapter every book needs to make later, more exciting 
chapter make sense. Hope you don't give up on it :) 
- 90 -

(Chapter 12) 
+Alexis+ 
Biology was so boring. 
Blondie had a seat way away from me, so we wouldn’t get sussed by Tiffany. I was 
next to Ollie, and some guy who kept trying to stare down my top. You know, 
casually. Only it wasn’t so casual because he was sitting right in front of me, and I 
knew when he turned around to “borrow a pencil”, he wasn’t just staring at my new 
Chanel top. God, guys disgust me. 
I’d kind of learnt Ollie only had two moods – boring, with a hint of extra boring, or 
annoyingly hyper and Carter-obsessed. Neither mood was endearing. Right now, she 
was being boring, and wouldn’t even read the billion notes I’d passed to her, 
because she said we had to “learn”, or something. Whatever. I was seriously willing 
to go to Tiffany to call the whole thing off, just so I could hang out with Blondie. 
Ollie was just… 
I glanced up from my notes (doodles of pizza and soccer balls), and happened to 
catch the sight of Carter through the window, walking along the hall. Was the 
skipping? Oh, wait, it had to be one of the seniors’ free periods. 
“May I go to the bathroom, sir?” 
It was the seniors’ free periods, right? That meant Max was free. 
“Where’s Max?” I asked Carter. 
“In the Gym, benching. We have a big game coming up.” 
I turned, and was about to walk away, when Carter grabbed my arm, and spun me 
back around to face him. 
“Alexis, I need to talk to you.” 
“Talk, then. I have to go.” 
He glared at me, folding his arms across his chest. I can’t believe I used to find 
- 91 -

that face cute. 
“To see Max, right?” 
No shit, Sherlock. 
“Yeah. So what?” 
“Well…I thought that we had a connection. You know, that night?” 
Was it me, or did he sound just a little bit threatening? Was Carter planning to 
expose me? 
I smirked up at him. He’d been unlucky enough to catch me in a bad mood. 
Carter’s playing with fire, now. 
“Yes, Carter,” I said, smiling, my tone dangerous. “I do remember. What about it?” 
He took a step back, swallowing, but semi-held his ground. 
“Well…I just…” 
“What, Carter?” I smirked, taking a step towards him. “What are you going to do?” 
“I’ll…get Max kicked off the team!” Carter said, suddenly confident. I tried not to 
look surprised. “I’m the head quarterback, and if I threaten to quit, they’ll definitely 
kick him out!” 
I tilted my head, faking calm, while my heart thudded on. Why did I suddenly 
care? If he got kicked out, well, that would be Max’s problem. Right? 
Why did I want to protect him? 
“You would do that to your own friend?” 
“I…I…Just stay away from him!” 
I narrowed my eyes. 
“I’m not yours, you know. I’m not anybody’s. If you keep ordering me around like 
that, you’re not going to like me anymore. Do you have any idea who my family are?” 
- 92 -

He shook his head. 
“My Dad owns Rise Enterprises. Does that mean anything to you? It does? Well, 
I’m pretty sure, if you mess with Max, I can keep you from every single team in the 
States. I could even hire someone to beat your face in.” 
There was a flash of fear in his eyes. I took a couple steps closer to him, smirking 
dangerously. I held his chin, pulling his face close to mine. We were now so close 
our breaths mingled in the air. He tried to look away, but somehow…he couldn’t. 
“You wouldn’t want that, would you?” I whispered, leaning in. My fingers caressed 
him face, enjoying his look of pure terror. “A pretty face like yours…what would you 
be without it?” 
I maintained eye contact with him, for a couple seconds longer, just so the 
message would sink in. I’ve played the bitch card many, many times. It’s always 
worked. 
And I walked away. 
I turned the corner, and saw Kyle standing there, as hot as usual, in a pressed 
shirt and a pair of casual jeans. He had a look of shock on his face, mingled 
with…what? Had he heard anything?! If he told Max – 
I pushed Kyle down the corridor, forcing him into an empty science lab, and 
closing the door behind us with a gentle ‘thunk’. 
“What did you see?” I asked, trying to keep calm. 
He’d composed his face now, and just looked kind of amused. 
“I saw you threatening someone to keep away from…“Max”, was it?” he said, 
smirking “I didn’t know you started dating again. I thought you turned into the one 
night stand kind of girl.” 
“That’s none of you business. You have no right to start messing about with my 
life.” 
“Au contraire,” Kyle said, smirking. “J’ai tous les droits. Savez-tu pourquoi, Alexis? 
” 
- 93 -

He leaned down, a single finger traced my jaw line. My breathing quickened. 
“Your French is better,” I mumbled, trying to pull away from him. 
Kyle smirked. 
“I had a good teacher. After all, it was…” 
He shoved me against the wall, hard. I looked up at him, at his eyes, so blue they 
were almost hypnotic. He moved his body closer to mine, his fingers playing over 
the sensitive skin just below my collarbone. I tried not to moan. Damn it, how did 
Kyle know all my weaknesses? Well, that was obvious. Kyle was the guy who first 
discovered them, weaknesses I had no idea I had, before him. 
“…you. Do you still remember those days? When you were my French tutor? In my 
bedroom, poring over boring French textbooks, while you desperately tried to teach 
me French so I would…like you?” 
He chuckled. I’d frozen. 
“Well,” Kyle whispered. His thumb, that had been tracing circles on my bare skin, 
slowly slid downwards, dipping under my shirt. I tried to think of Max, tried to push 
Kyle away, but when Kyle’s eyes were so blue, it was impossible to think of Max’s 
green ones. 
“After a week or so, we weren’t really reading the textbooks anymore, now, were 
we?” 
I closed my eyes, trying to get myself to push him away. I was terrified. How could 
Kyle still have this power over me? 
“I could barely believe you were a virgin…you were so, so easy.” 
My eyes snapped open, and I finally pushed him away. He stumbled a little, and 
fell back, looking stunned. 
“I’ve changed, Kyle,” I said, trying to keep my voice even. “I’m not that easy 
person anymore. I’m a cynical bitch. You know that. You’re the one who made me 
this way. So leave me alone before I go all ‘cynical bitch’ on your ass, okay?” 
I tried to maintain some of my dignity as I stalked away, and my hand was on the 
handle when Kyle spoke. 
- 94 -

“Your father gave me the right to…force you to leave this school. At first, I 
thought, ha! Like she didn’t want that. This is a dirty public school, after all.” 
I didn’t turn around, but I knew Kyle would be smirking. 
“But now I see you have someone here worth staying for,” he said, his voice 
getting closer. 
“What are you talking about?” 
I still couldn’t get myself to move. 
He was right behind me now, pressing his long, lean body against my back. 
“We’re going to have a lot of fun, Alexis,” he whispered into my neck, raising 
goose bumps. I shivered a little, and I knew he felt it. We were way too close for him 
not to feel it. 
Kyle’s hand went over mine, and his gently pressed down the handle, opening the 
door. 
Then he pushed passed me, walking away. 
My heart thudded hard, and I had to force my breathing to slow. I was terrified. I 
honestly was. 
“Hey,” Max said, waving at me, from the bench he was lying on. It was kind of 
amazing because he was in the middle of a bench press. His cheeks were tinged red, 
and his breathing was hard. I admired his tanned arms and his muscular chest, and 
the way they looked in his little vest. As I tried not to drool, I felt kind of surprised 
the whole female population didn’t just skip class to watch him. 
“Hi,” I replied, smirking, and sitting down on the bench next to him. “How much 
you benching these days, Max? Two hundred pounds… Impressive.” 
He let go, and sat up, wiping away the (very sexy) sweat that had formed on his 
brow. I wove my fingers into his other hand, and then suddenly stopped, annoyed at 
the way my heart started racing. Was Max the person Kyle was talking about? The 
person that made this place worth staying for? 
- 95 -

There was an awkward silence for a bit. 
“So. How was your weekend?” 
I grinned up at him, glad he actually sounded like he cared, and not that he was 
just asking this to try and get into my pants. Max was a good boyfriend. 
NO! He wasn’t your boyfriend! He was nothing but a guy. Just another guy you 
were playing. Don’t get dragged in, Alexis. Don’t start caring. 
“Fine.” My voice was a little cold. 
“Are you sure?” he asked, suddenly worried. How did he read me so easily? 
“No, no,” I said, being stupidly bright and cheerful. “I’m fine! I was just ill at the 
weekend, that’s all. I’m fine now, I just…” 
My voice trailed when I saw the two people behind Max’s head. Oh my god. Hell, 
no. 
Kyle and Carter passed the Gym window. 
Kyle looked straight up, into my eyes. His lips twisted up into a little smirk, 
shaking his head in a way that seemed to say, “You’ve been a very bad girl, Alexis”. 
What did Carter tell him about me? 
Hey, wait! They weren’t…Oh my God. They’re coming in. 
Author's Note: Just finished it, and realized not everyone will know French :) 
Kyle says: Oh contrary. I have every right. Do you know why, Alexis? 
Not trying to be condescending to people who do know french :) :) :) :) :) 
Quindruply smily face!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!! 
I'm going kind of insane. I haven't been outside in aaaaaages. Okay, I went out 
yesterday to buy some new clothes (which was kind of my late x-mas pressie. For 
myself. Cos, you know, the post-christmas sales. Paid for by my parents, of course, 
- 96 -

to make up for my crappy x-mas pressies. The running machine thing. I should really 
learn the name. You know, the machine that's kind of like a conveyor belt. But one 
that counts calories). 
I don't know if the whole benching this is accurate or not, but WHATEVS!!!! I 
don't bench!!!!! If I did, I probably wouldn't write. 
VOMMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT VOMIT!!!!!!!!!!!! 
- 97 -

(Chapter 13) 
“I think we should go,” I said, panicking. Oh my GOD. Kyle and Carter. This can’t 
be happening. We had to get the hell out of here…we had to leave! I can’t let Max… 
I was practically hyperventilating. What was I meant to do?! I grabbed onto his 
hand, and pulled him towards the door. Kyle and Carter were both still lingering 
outside, talking about…something. 
“Wait,” Max said, smiling a little worriedly. “Where are we going?” 
“Let’s go…out.” 
Max came along with me, grabbing his water bottle. I opened the door, trying to 
hide my face from Kyle and Carter. I can’t have them telling Max. My heart thudded, 
and I tried to look natural, but I could feel my palms sweating. I really, really hoped 
Max wouldn’t notice. 
“Alexis,” Kyle said, as I brushed against him. “I didn’t know you came to this 
school!” 
I looked up at him, trying to work out what he was doing. His face was completely 
unreadable. He just looked…smug. 
“Kyle,” I said, smiling at him. I let go of Max’s hand, and pulled Kyle into a hug. 
“Whatever you’re trying, it won’t work,” I whispered into his ear. 
“Who says I’m trying anything?” he muttered back. 
I pulled away, and beamed at him again. 
“It’s been great. We should catch up, yeah? But first, I have to go somewhere with 
Max.” 
Kyle raised his eyebrows, and I knew what he was thinking – this is Max? 
I bit my tongue. Damn it. I can’t believe I just… 
“But you’re not a senior…” Carter mumbled, “you can’t just leave…the free 
- 98 -

period’s only for us seniors.” 
I glared at him, but softened my gaze when Max turned to me. 
“Don’t worry about it, man,” Max said, slinging an arm over my shoulders. “Alexis 
is a rebel. Am I right?” 
I smiled up at him, my heart fluttering. 
“Right.” 
“I had no idea!” Kyle exclaimed. I turned back to him, narrowing my eyes. He was 
definitely up to something. “What would your Dad say if he heard about this?” 
Was it me, or was his voice…ever so slightly threatening? 
“He won’t hear about this,” I replied, smiling sweetly. “Would he?” 
The air was suddenly tense. 
“Of course not!” Max said, laughing in a kind of awkward way. “Um, I think we 
better go.” 
So Max had realized the situation. Maybe he wasn’t so dense, then. 
“Bye, Kyle,” I called, over my shoulder, my heart thudding as hard as hell. What 
the hell was I meant to do? Max can’t know about what I’ve done…he can’t ever 
know. 
I looked back at Kyle, who was smirking slightly. 
If he’s planning something…well, I better start planning something myself. 
“Alexis.” 
I was walking fast, dragging Max with me. 
“Alexis!” 
My fingers were digging into his hand, hard, but I didn’t stop. 
- 99 -

“Alexis, slow down!” 
I stopped, and Max banged into my back. We were at the car park, in front of my 
motorcycle. 
“What’s up with you?” he asked, rubbing his bare shoulder and wincing. He didn’t 
have a jacket on. “Why have you been all…?” 
“Nothing,” I said, looking away. “It was just…Kyle.” His name came from my lips 
before I could stop it. 
“Kyle?” Max repeated, sounding surprised. “He seemed like an alright guy. What 
did he do to you?” 
“I just…Nothing.” 
“Tell me, Alexis. You can trust me.” 
I looked into his green, lucid eyes, and for a second, I felt optimistic. Well, less 
cynical. I kind of felt…like I could trust him. After everything Kyle had done to me, 
and the terrible things I’d done to other guys…I felt… 
“Kyle was my first boyfriend,” I said, looking at him, watching his reaction. “He 
was my first love. I went out with him for a couple months or so, and I thought he 
was first. I thought we were perfect.” 
I swallowed the lump in my throat. I couldn’t quite meet Max’s eyes. I’d told no 
one about this, not even my best friends – though they heard Kyle’s version of it. By 
then, no one could ever believe me. After all, I was the crazy bitch who stole the 
Principal’s car, and slept with Kyle’s brother. 
“Then, suddenly, he got distant. You know how guys are,” I said, cracking a smile 
that was probably totally unconvincing. “And then, when I confronted him…he was 
angry. Said I was suffocating him or something. I found out, after a while…he was 
messing around with my friend.” 
I looked up at Max, waiting for him to react. For him to say something to make me 
feel better. Just a word would’ve been nice. Maybe even the clichéd “I’m sorry”, 
even when it wasn’t really his fault. That would’ve been great. Comforting, at least. 
Yeah, right. 
- 100 -

He turned his opened water bottle, and dumped it over my head. Cold mineral 
water splashed onto my hair, drenching me. I was totally shocked. How…Why…? 
Somehow, when I’d been talking, he’s opened up the bottle, to dump on my head. 
“Why did you just do that?!” I yelled, wiping my forehead. Water dripped from my 
hair, through my coat, right down to my Chanel shirt. “What the hell was that? 
Every time I tell you something personal, why do you always drench me with 
water?!” 
He slammed me against a wall, and suddenly our faces were about an inch apart. 
My breathing was hard, and I knew I was close to tears. A spasm of pain flitted 
through my back, and my arm grated against the brick. He gripped my arm too hard 
– way too hard, almost violently. 
But his green eyes were so damn gentle. 
He leaned in closer, and our faces were just an inch apart. How could I have been 
drunk last time? It’d been a total waste…because, when sober, you could see every 
single detail of his face. The long eyelashes, which in this angle, left a long shadow 
across his cheek. His perfectly shaped lips, creased down the middle. He smiled, and 
I was momentarily blinded by his beautifully straight white teeth. Too perfect. 
Maybe he’d had braces? 
I smirked a little, at the thought of him with braces. 
Max matched my smirk perfectly, but he made it look so much better. My breath 
caught in my throat. 
Why did he always make me…act like this? 
Our lips were about to touch now, and my heart was full on racing, beating a 
rhythm hard against my chest, and I – 
“Hey! What you up to?” a voice from behind me said. 
Max drew back, and I sighed, muttering, “And why do you always…almost kiss 
me?” 
I pushed him away, and turned to death-glare at Tom. 
“What?!” I hissed. 
- 101 -

“Oh…” he said, glancing between me and Max, looking uncomfortable. “Where 
you…?” 
“Don’t worry about it, man,” Max said, patting Tom on the back, and grinning at 
him. I watched him. He was really a nice guy. I’d completely misjudged him when I 
first met him. He was genuinely kind. “Me and Alexis were just going somewhere.” 
“Oh. I was kind of hoping we could hang out…” Tom said, looking at me, 
worriedly. I glared at him, uninvitingly, sending him a mental message of: Piss OFF! 
“Okay, um, why don’t we get a bite to eat, first?” 
Max was really way too nice. It kind of annoyed me. 
I bit into the hot dog, as the “guys” went on, and on about football. I chewed 
slowly, before suddenly remembering that hot dog wasn’t part of my twenty eight 
day de-tox diet. Ah well. Too late now. I’ll start again next year. 
There was a lot of attention on our table. On Max, particularly. I grit my teeth, 
gnashing the hot dog, as I fought back the urge to jump on him, and shelter his 
sexiness from the rest of the world. 
“What are you doing for Christmas?” Tom asked, suddenly turning to me. I 
swallowed, and shifted uncomfortably in the red faux leather chairs that stuck to 
your thighs. 
“Nothing, much. I don’t really celebrate Christmas.” 
Correction: Not any more. Not after we got “rich”. 
“You don’t celebrate Christmas?” Max asked, sounding shocked. I looked down at 
my empty plate (crap. So many calories), and tried to keep a normal face. 
“My parents don’t really…see the need for it.” Basically, they don’t have enough 
time to come back. After all, Christmas is the busiest time for Rise Enterprises – we 
have major shares in the gaming industry, and winter is when people really start 
buying the games. Not to mention our toys, cosmetics and clothes. “They say it’s all 
commercialized crap.” 
Totally true. They were the ones who commercialized it for the whole country. 
- 102 -

“Hey, that’s not true!” Tom said, his eyes very wide, looking like a little boy. 
“Christmas is totally important! Come on, there’s a lot of fun stuff!” 
“Like what?” I asked, smirking at the two of them. They were both staring at me, 
frowning, looking crestfallen, apparently because I didn’t have any “Christmas 
spirit”. It was kind of cute. 
“Snow,” Max said. 
“When does it ever snow here? 
“Presents.” It was Tom this time. 
“Tacky, cheap bath crap? Yay.” 
“Santa!” 
I glared at Max. He was definitely kidding now. 
“Right. Santa.” 
“Come on,” he said, sipping a little more of his Coke. “You have to believe in 
Santa.” 
He was kidding, right? Oh god, please tell me he was kidding. 
“Tiffany’s having a Christmas party this year, just like she always does,” Tom said, 
staring at me. Unconsciously, I brushed my hand over my hair, just to make sure it 
was okay. It was something I always did when someone stared at me hard. But my 
hair seemed okay. So why was Tom staring at me. “I’m pretty sure she’s going to 
invite you guys. She invites the whole year.” 
“She’s not going to invite me. She hates me.” 
“She’s definitely going to invite you. You’re too popular. Half the football team 
won’t turn up if you don’t.” 
I raised my eyebrows. Wow. I was popular? Huh. I haven’t been popular since, 
well, ever. I guess it’s mainly because in my last schools, by now, I’d broken at least 
a dozen hearts. 
“Uh, thanks. But even if she invites me, I’m not coming.” 
- 103 -

“Why not?” 
I glanced at Max. 
“I don’t think…she likes me.” 
Max smirked at me, and I could tell he was thinking, “Ha! Understatement”. 
“But everyone’s going to be coming! It will suck it you don’t. It’s going to be great, 
okay? She’s inviting to the whole year, so she’s going to be busy at the party. You 
probably won’t even have to see her.” 
I bit my lip, scraping my lip-gloss. 
“I don’t know…I’ll think about it.” 
After he finished his sandwich, Tom went to the restroom, leaving just me and 
Max sitting at the table. I ordered a coffee, and drank it in silence. 
“You’ve got commitment issues,” Max said, timing his little statement perfectly. 
Just as he said it, I’d been taking a gulp of my coffee, and now I was spluttering like 
hell. 
“Sorry, what?” 
“You’ve got commitment issues. After Kyle. It’s perfectly normal.” 
I glared at him. “I so do not have commitment issues.” 
“You do.” 
“I don’t.” 
“You so do.” 
“Yeah, but totally not.” 
“But you totally do.” 
“I don’t have commitment issues!” I yelled, standing up, and earning about a 
billion stares from the tables around us.
- 104 -

“Then tell me, how long is your longest relationship?” 
“Three months,” I said, defiant. 
“Apart from Kyle.” 
I bit my lip, wondering if I should lie. I didn’t, in the end. 
“A week.” 
“Well, there you go.” 
I glared at him. “That doesn’t prove I have commitment issues. It just means 
I…don’t have a history of good relationships.” 
“Look, Alexis, you don’t have to get all defensive. I get it. Kyle hurt you. He 
cheated on you. I’ve been cheated on too, and I know it doesn’t feel good.” 
My eyes widened. Max’d been cheated on? Who?! 
“You need to heal, and I think the first step to recovery, is to, basically –” 
“I don’t want to know, okay?! I don’t have commitment phobia!” 
I stalked out, running outside of the comfortable, cosy, lighted café, and into the 
cold dark street outside. I hailed a taxi (my motorbike was still at school). I refused 
to let Max be all condescending and stupid to me. I did not have commitment 
phobia! 
I shoved my key into the keyhole, and swung the door open. 
The phone was ringing, the annoyingly shrill sounds breaking the normal 
tranquillity of the big house. Who was calling me? 
I looked around. Where the hell was Kyle? My Rolex told me it was seven PM. He 
should be back by now, right? Suddenly, the house seemed entirely too big. A shiver 
ran up my spine, and I tried to ignore my thoughts. I was being stupid. A big man 
with an axe is not going to come in here. Big men with axes did not exist outside the 
realm of horror movies. 
- 105 -

I walked towards the phone, and more to shut it up than anything, I picked up. 
“Hello?” 
No reply. There was just static on the other side. 
“Hello…?” 
Nothing. 
The whole house seemed so much creepier, without the phone ringing. It 
was…almost too quiet, somehow. Cold blood pulsed through my veins, and I bit my 
lip. I shivered, but not out of cold. I was imagining this, right? This was all in my 
mind. It can’t be… 
Suddenly, there was a hot, moist on the back on my neck. 
I opened my mouth and screamed. 
Author's Note: Slightly longer upload this time :P 
Just telling you guys, I've started a new book, if you didn't already know. It's 
called "Billion Dollar Girl", and it seemd to be doing alright, mainly because of you 
guys' continued support :) I loved you all XxX 
Vomment!! 
- 106 -

(Chapter 14) 
I spun around, slamming a foot into the guy behind me. He collapsed into a ball in 
the floor, and I grabbed him by his neck. 
“Who are you?” 
He looked up, and even in the darkness I recognized his face. 
“Let…go…” Kyle choked. 
I smirked. “Why would I do that, when I have you exactly where I want you?” 
“You…still know you to…fight.” 
“Of course I do. It’s useful when you want to stop a guy who’s trying to wreck your 
life.” 
Even though he was probably running out of air, he managed to laugh. “What 
about my brother, Alexis? Don’t you feel just a tiny bit of remorse for what you did?” 
“Do you feel sorry for what you did?” 
He closed his eyes. 
“See, Kyle. You don’t feel anything. To you, this is just like a game. I’m not playing 
any more, so you can just find someone else. I have what I want.” 
“Is it Max?” 
He surprised me so much, I automatically loosened. 
“No…what are you talking about?” 
“You’re playing him, right? He must mean nothing to you. That’s why you slept 
with Carter.” 
I opened my mouth, about to say “No”. But why would I say that? I am playing 
him! 
- 107 -

“Yes.” 
Kyle’s eyes were satisfied. “Then you’re still in the game. And as long as you’re in 
the game, I’ll be in the game as well – and I’ll make sure you lose, every single 
time.” 
He pulled away. 
“Oh, and by the way,” he added, his fingers on the doorknob, “you might get a call 
from your Dad later. Just a heads up.” 
“No, Dad. I didn’t! Kyle’s lying! You can’t blame me, that nun had it in for me, and 
I can’t –” 
“You can kiss your Ferrari goodbye!” my Dad yelled down the phone, before 
hanging up. 
Nice guy. 
“Shit,” I muttered. I stormed up the stairs, and slammed Kyle’s door open. Kyle 
was lying on his bed, flicking through some magazine. 
“What the hell is your problem?!” I screamed. “Why did you tell my Dad?!” 
“To help my new friend,” Kyle said, smirking. He glanced up. “Carter. You know 
him, right? He was telling me, today, about how he really liked you, but you were 
dating someone else. He also mentioned how he could get your beloved Max kicked 
off the team – but your family has too much influence, or something.” 
He smirked. 
“Now, it looks like your Dad won’t do any more favours for you. Before, you’ve 
been playing the game with a safety net. See how you do, without your Dad to help 
you clear things up for you.” 
I ground my teeth. “You –” 
He raised his eyebrows. “Yes?” 
I glared at him, but I had nothing to say. 
- 108 -

“Get up, Miss Alexis.” 
“NO! I’m not going to school today!” I yelled, pulling the duvet over my head. 
“But your father –!” 
“I don’t care!” I said, my voice muffled. “If he wants to talk to me, he can come 
here himself.” 
My maid was quiet for a second, seemed to sense I wasn’t kidding, and left. I 
heard her mumble something, and Kyle reply in a soothing tone. There was a 
clicking sound of my bedroom door opening. 
“Get out!” I yelled. He ignored this. 
There was the creaking sound of my bed-frame, and I could feel the mattress 
sinking down a little. Great. Kyle was sitting on my bed. 
“Do you feel sick?” 
I didn’t reply. I was too surprised. I thought he would’ve blackmailed me, and 
forced me to go to school, then laugh at me. We were enemies. Right? 
“Er…yeah.” Maybe, if I lied, he would pity me and not make me go to school…? 
“Do you need anything?” 
When we were dating, sure, he was a nice guy and opened the doors, and carried 
my bags, but now… 
“No, it’s okay,” I replied, my voice perplexed. 
“Do you want me to stay home with you, or…?” 
“It’s, um, fine. You go.” 
“Are you sure?” 
“Yeah. Have fun.” 
His weight was gone, and as he left my room, I took a peek at his back. Why was 
he being…so…? He was being so different… No, don’t think that he’s being nice! 
- 109 -

God, this was totally Stockholm’s syndrome. 
After a couple minutes, I heard his car’s engine rev, and him drive away. 
I turned around in bed, so I was facing my window. 
“Boys are so mysterious,” I muttered to the grey, cloudy sky. 
=Hailey= 
“Where’s Alexis?” Max asked Carter. He was in the desk front of me, yet he didn’t 
really notice me. 
When he said her name, my heart gave a familiar twang. It was always like this 
whenever he mentioned another girl. 
Whatever. He had no idea who I was. I was just “the crazy cheerleader’s sidekick”. 
“I don’t know, man,” Carter said. His voice was abnormally worried. Well, I knew 
why. He’d hooked up with Alexis. 
Every girl in this school was beginning to hate Alexis. She was Max’s girlfriend, 
Carter and Tom’s friend, and the Hot New Guy’s childhood friend. 
Kyle was in this class too, sitting in the back row with the rest of the delinquents, 
staring at the clock on the wall, his eyes glazed over. I’m guessing he didn’t want to 
be here. Same. 
I idling considered getting my nail file out, and fixing that little nick I’d gotten 
when the chess club guy slammed into me. I think I might have obsessive 
compulsive disorder. Might explain why last month I ordered my clothes by color, 
type, weight, size and brand. 
The teacher left the room, to get more chalk, or whatever, and the whole class 
erupted into the predicted shouting and loud conversation. Most people were 
discussing Tiffany’s Christmas party (so cool, most kids ditched their families on 
Christmas day to turn go), and what they were wearing, who they were going with, 
and New Year’s Prom. Well, they were going to have that on Christmas as well, but 
no tickets were sold – everyone was going to Tiffany’s party instead – so they had to 
change the date. 
- 110 -

“Who you going with?” Jenny asked, turning to me, for a quick one-minute gossip. 
“To Prom, or Tiffany’s party?” 
“Tiffany’s party, of course. Duh. It’s next week, so you better have someone 
planned.” 
“Sean.” 
“As in, Sean in the football team?! Omigod! That is so cool! I’m going with Jack, 
the college guy, who is…” 
And she went into a long ramble about “Jack”. That was the only reason she’d 
asked me. So she could talk more about herself. 
“Do you think Alexis is skipping?” Tom said, from behind me. I didn’t turn around, 
but I listened intently, nodding along as Jenny went on about how they met. 
“I guess so,” Max replied, his voice worried. “She just…hasn’t sent me any texts. 
I’m kind of worried.” 
“She’s ill.” 
I looked up at that one. It was Kyle who said it. Of course it was. 
“How do you know that?” Max asked, sounding annoyed. 
“Because she called me,” Kyle replied, cockily. 
“No way she would call you, and not call me,” Max said. He sounded kind of 
jealous. Well, Max was famous for that. Any girl he dated was protected by him at all 
times. After Tiffany… 
Man, he’s going to be pissed when he finds out what Alexis did. 
“Hey, are you listening?” Jenny said, sounding annoyed. 
“Sure, sure.” I turned back to her. 
“I guess I just have a…special relationship with Alexis.” 
I spun my head back to Kyle so fast, I heard a little crick at the back of my neck. 
- 111 -

The whole room was silent now, and I swear I could see a couple girls sharpen 
scythes they were planning to stab into Alexis’ chest. 
“You’re kidding, right?” Tom said. 
“She’s Max’s girlfriend!” Carter yelled, sounding furious. Hypocrite much, Carter? 
Max was silent. 
“So?” Kyle said, smirking. “I’ve known her for so long, and we’ve even hooked up 
a couple times…” 
The girls promptly dropped their scythes, and swapped them for machine guns. 
“…and she’s really good in bed. After all, she’s slept with a lot of guys. That’s why 
she’s been to so many schools – she whores around. You should know that, right?” 
Max snapped. 
“Shut up,” he hissed, grabbed Kyle by the front of his shirt. “Don’t talk about 
Alexis like that! She’s not that kind of girl! She wouldn’t…” 
And I could swear Kyle was looking straight into Carter’s eyes when he said the 
next words. 
“Are you sure about that? She’ll sleep with anyone. She’s pretty damn easy –” 
Kyle’s next words were cut short, when Max started punching him in the face. 
+Alexis+ 
It was about lunchtime, and I was bored out of my mind. Five hundred channels, 
not a good thing on. Daytime TV was really for losers. 
I switched off the soap, and lay back in bed, thinking. Why was I depressed? Okay, 
normally I wasn’t the most cheerful person, but I wasn’t this…restless. Like I wanted 
to get out of bed, go out and get some shopping down, but at the same time…I 
wanted to stay in bed. Who was I missing? 
There was a doorbell ringing, and after about ten minutes, when I didn’t come 
- 112 -

downstairs, I heard my maid answer it 
“Hey, is Alexis in?” 
His voice came through my open door, and my heart thudded hard. I sat up 
straighter. Oh god, it was him. Max. 
Was that the person I was missing? 
Author's Note: So I was bored. That's about it. Let's share stuff we do when we're 
bored. I do things like: 
Read, write, listen to the music, search youtube for funny videos, go prank 
calls....etc, etc. Now you tell me what you do so I can do them when I'm bored. 
VOMMENT! 
- 113 -

(Chapter 15) 
+Alexis+ 
I quickly pulled off my lame nightshirt with cows over them, and replaced it with a 
black top, and a pair of jeggings. I dashed to my mirror, smoothed down the peaks of 
my hair, quickly applied some eyeliner, and then settled myself onto my bed. 
The door opened. 
I looked up, and feigned surprise, then had to do a double-take. 
Max wasn’t looking good. His lip was busted, and he had a black eye. 
“Who the hell did this to you?!” I yelled, jumping off my bed. “How dare they –?!” 
Max pulled me closer to him, and kissed me. 
It wasn’t a gentle kiss, but it got my heart going, and all the blood flooded my 
cheeks. Who the hell wanted gentle, when you could have…this? 
“Don’t worry,” Max whispered, when I had to pull away for air, “I got Kyle back 
twice as hard.” 
I froze. 
“Kyle?” My eyes were wide. “You and Kyle?!” 
“Yep,” Max said. “I kicked that bastard butt for all it was worth. He got in a lucky 
punch, but I floored him. I only stopped when the teacher ripped us apart.” 
My fingers brushed over his cut gently, and my thumb traced swirls over his 
cheekbones. 
He’d taken on Kyle? 
That was impossible. Kyle was an amateur boxer – he was the guy who taught my 
brother, after all. Max couldn’t have taken on Kyle. Kyle could’ve mopped the floor 
with Max’s unconscious, semi-dead body. No way… 
- 114 -

“I’m suspended.” 
I focused. “What? Suspended?” 
“Yep. So now I can spend a couple days with you, and we could do the history 
project together,” he said, pulling me closer to him, smirking. “Because you’re sick. 
Right?” 
I smiled, but pulled away. “You’re right, I am sick. So you can’t kiss me.” 
“I don’t care,” Max said, kissing the crook of my neck. “I like your germs.” 
I giggled – seriously, I giggled. In a stupid, girly way. The way I used to…before 
Kyle. A thousand images flashed through my mind, and it stopped on Kyle’s crying 
face, telling me I was a dirty whore. 
I jerked back from Max. Remember, Alexis. This is all a game. You can’t let 
yourself get attached again. 
“So what do you want to do?” I said, changing the subject. 
“Make-out.” 
I smirked, mentally rolling my eyes. “I’ve got a Scrabble board in my wardrobe. 
Want a game?” 
=Hailey= 
“Hey, Kyle!” I called. 
It was the end of the day, and I’d caught sight of Kyle walking away, taking the 
long route to the car park – something no one did, maybe because of the wildlife that 
grew in the narrow alley. Whatever. I will risk my shoes. I needed to talk to him. 
He’d been beaten pretty badly today – though he’d given Max a good hit, he was 
kicked a couple times in his ribs. Nothing looked broken, but he was probably 
bruised. 
“Kyle!” I yelled. 
- 115 -

He didn’t turn around. 
“Hey!” 
Nothing. 
I ran up to him, trying not to touch too many green leafy things. Suddenly, I 
stopped. He wasn’t alone. 
“I did it,” Kyle said. “She has no power, now. Her Dad doesn’t trust her anymore.” 
“So you think I should do it? Kick him off the team?” 
What were they talking about? Kick who off the team? I shifted, trying to see who 
Kyle was talking to. Normally, I would’ve just run up to them, but right now, 
something told me that it was important to stay put. 
“It’s what you wanted, right?” It was Kyle talking again. “You like her.” 
“Yeah, but…it’s just…Why are you doing this?” 
Kyle chuckled. “No reason.” 
“Do you like her?” Carter said, his voice sharp. 
Kyle didn’t answer. Who were they talking about? It had to be…her, right? 
“Do you?” Carter pressed. I listened hard for Kyle’s answer. 
“It’s nothing to do with you. You know what to do next.” 
There were some footsteps, and I peeked from the corner. Kyle was walking away, 
but Carter hadn’t moved. He was thinking. Something that didn’t happen regularly. 
This must be big. 
Carter glanced up, and his eyes met mine. He froze, and I smirked. 
“Tell me, Carter,” I said, walking towards him. “What were you talking about?” 
I knew Alexis was falling for Max. And that wouldn’t help me at all. Maybe I 
should make my own plan. 
- 116 -

+Alexis+ 
I waved at Max, and he drove away in his car. 
When he was gone, I smiled, and leaned against the door. Maybe I was… 
$ Kyle $ 
The car pulled by, and I opened the door, settling myself onto the seat. This car 
was cheap. I didn’t like that. I would have mentioned it, but now wasn’t the time. 
“Did you ask her?” 
I stared straight forward, into the dirty, abysmal neighbourhood. I refused to look 
at his face. 
“No. I don’t need to. I believe in her.” 
“Really, Max? Do you?” 
“Yes.” 
I smirked, my hand on the car door. “Prepare to be disappointed. I was.” 
Three Days Later 
+Alexis+ 
I rode through the school gates. I’d taken a couple days off for my “sickness”. Max 
was coming back tomorrow. 
I’d pretty much ignored Kyle for the last couple days, and he hasn’t said anything 
to me either. A part of me was kind of grateful for what Kyle did – Kyle could’ve 
killed Max, but he didn’t. But, at the same time…he started the fight! I didn’t know 
why the fight happened – Max wouldn’t tell me – but I was meant to be mad at the 
guy who wrecked my boyfriend’s face. Right? 
I hopped of the motorbike, took off the helmet, and made my way towards the 
- 117 -

school. The cheerleaders glared at me as I crossed the courtyard. I smirked back at 
them, and carried on walking. Suddenly, I banged against something. I stumbled 
back. 
“Hey!” I yelled, glaring at the girl I’d slammed into. “Watch it!” 
“Are you Alexis?” 
“Why?” I said, narrowing my eyes. She was well-built, and looked kind of like the 
type of girl who could knock you out. There were a two girls standing beside her. 
They all looked like pro-wrestlers. Why was she picking a fight with me? 
“I hear you’re a slut.” 
I smirked at her, but my heart thudded all the same. Who’d told her?! Kyle? 
Carter? Does Max know as well?! 
“You must’ve heard wrong, then.” 
“Oh,” she said, taking a step towards me, “I’m pretty sure I didn’t. I heard you 
slept with Kyle.” 
I frowned. “So…?” 
“He’s ours. Stay away from him.” 
I almost laughed. You can have him, honey. He’s only going to screw you over. 
“Who are you?” I asked. 
“Us? We are the Kyle Clark fan club.” 
I looked at them, to make sure they were serious. Then I collapsed, laughing. A 
couple people looked at me, but I didn’t care. 
“Are you…serious?” I choked out, through my laughter. “Kyle has a…fan club?” 
“Stop laughing!” the girl yelled, grabbing at the front of my shirt. Whoa. “I’m 
serious. You stay away from him.” 
Remember the thing you promised yourself, Alexis? Keep your head low. If you do 
that, then maybe your Dad will give you back your car. 
- 118 -

It was so simple in the beginning. All I wanted was my car. 
Everyone was watching now. 
She shoved her face closer to mine. “I’m not letting you go away today. I hate 
people like you, all sweet and pretty on the outside, but an evil slut on the inside.” 
I couldn’t help but smirk, and whisper to her, “You don’t have to be so jealous. It’s 
really hard to look sweet and pretty, and to be honest…” I looked her up and down. 
“…I don’t think you have what it takes.” 
“You –!” she yelled, pulling back a fist, and about to slam it into my face. A hand 
on her shoulder stopped her. “Get off me! Let go –” 
She looked up. 
“Oh,” she said, in a completely different voice, “Carter.” 
Carter looked down at me. 
“I need to talk to you.” 
“You’re really going to do this?” I said, leaning against the wall, and staring 
straight into his eyes. “You’re going to betray your best friend?” 
“I’m not betraying him.” 
“How, in the world, is this not betraying him?! You’re blackmailing me!” 
“This is nothing to do with him. This is about you and me.” 
“‘You and me’?!” I mimicked, glaring at him. “You and me doesn’t bloody exist! 
That time was a mistake! Forget about it!” 
He looked at me. 
“I’m still going to do it, Alexis. No matter what you say.” 
“No, you won’t. You won’t do it.” 
- 119 -

“Yes, I will.” 
I slammed him against the wall. “You won’t.” 
He could barely breathe, but he choked out, “I will.” 
“You won’t!” I screamed, frustrated. 
“What’s going on here?!” 
I let Carter go, and turned around. It was my homeroom teacher. 
“Are you two fighting?!” he yelled. “I’m very disappointed in you, Alexis!” 
Yeah, right. “Disappointed”. Whatever that meant. 
“I’m giving you both detention.” 
WHAT?! 
How can he give me detention?! Did he not know who I was?! Even if I’ve been 
expelled from four schools, I’ve never had a single detention! Why does he think…? 
Oh. Right. My Dad wasn’t “cleaning my messes” anymore. Right. I had to 
remember that. 
Author's Note: Looked back at my plot today, and just realized I was veering off it. 
Don't worry, I will sort it out, and get back on plot. I am very tired, and have 
homework, so I will keep today's author's note short. 
BLEURGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! 
HaHAHHAHAH!!!! 
VOMMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
- 120 -

(Chapter 16) 
“Write this out.” 
I looked at the sentence written on the sheet of paper. 
I will not cause fights. 
I scowled. “Uh, sir? This sentence is unjustified. I didn’t cause the fight, and –” 
He glared at me. “Shut up, and get your pen out, or I’ll make everyone stay 
longer.” 
All the other delinquents glared at me as well. I glared back at them, until they 
looked away. I could practically smell their hate. 
I will not cause fights. I will not cause fights. I will not – 
My pencil snapped. 
“Shit,” I muttered. I opened my pencil case, and shifted through fifteen broken 
biros and pencil sharpenings. Crap. 
I turned around, and faced Carter. 
“Can I borrow a pen?” I whispered. He looked up, surprised, and flushed red. His 
fingers shook as he unzipped his pencil case. 
“What are you doing?” the teacher yelled. 
I spun around, and held up Carter’s pencil. “Borrowing a pen,” I said, innocently. 
“Alexis, don’t think just because you have a good family you can get whatever you 
want,” he snapped. “You better be good from now on.” 
I raised an eyebrow. “Haven’t I been good?” 
He glared at me. “You know what I mean.” 
“Right.” 
- 121 -

I slammed Kyle into the wall. 
“I got detention today,” I hissed. “You know that, right?” 
He laughed. “How was it?” 
“Awful. But that’s not the point. Did you also tell Carter to blackmail me?” 
He smirked. “Maybe?” 
I grabbed him by the front of his shirt. “We need to sort this out, Kyle. This is our 
business. Don’t involve anyone else, okay?” 
“What do you want to do, then?” Kyle whispered. 
“Duel. I win, you leave me alone. You win, I will do whatever you want. Deal?” 
“Sure,” he said, smirking. He prised my fingers away from his shirt. “After school 
tomorrow.” 
“Yep.” 
I could do this. I could so beat him. I’d beaten him so many times when we were 
going out. I had to do this. 
*** Next Day *** 
“Alexis,” Carter said, pulling me into a cupboard. “I need to talk to you.” 
I smirked. “Go on.” 
I could hear a rush of people, chatting and talking, passing by our cupboard. Was 
one of them Max? He’d come back to school, but I haven’t seen him yet. 
Carter suddenly shoved me against a mop, and kissed me. 
I pushed him away immediately, rubbing my mouth. That was…revolting. That 
was…disgusting. It was completely the opposite of what kissing Max was like. 
Kissing Carter was… 
I pulled him closer, and kissed him again. 
- 122 -

Nope. Still gross. 
I pushed him away, running my fingers through my hair. Oh my god. I…can’t be. 
The door suddenly opened, and the cupboard was flooded with light. I squinted, to 
make out who the silhouette was. Shit. 
He looked from me to Carter, me with my messed up hair, and Carter who was 
still breathing hard. He put two and two together. 
Max grabbed Carter by the collar, and pulled him out. 
“What the hell, man?” he yelled, pushing Carter to the floor. “What were you 
doing in there with my girlfriend?” 
Everyone stopped to watch. 
Carter tried to get up, but Max slammed him back down again. 
“Tell me!” 
Carter punched Max in the stomach, and while Max was stumbling back, he 
jumped up. I was in full panic-mode – how dare he do that to Max? 
“Stop it!” I yelled, as Max retaliated with a kick. Carter tried to avoid it, but he 
took some damage. Max tried to punch him, but Carter grabbed him by his neck, 
and pulled his fist back… 
Forgetting every single thing I’d been taught, I ran at Carter, and punched him 
with my right fist. Not the right way. My hand was in the completely wrong shape, 
and I knew as soon as I made contact, I would’ve at least fractured it. 
Carter let go out Max, and cussed loudly, cradling his nose. Whatever. 
“Are you okay?” Max said, taking my broken hand. It was swelling already. 
“Should we go to the nurse?” 
“Fine,” I muttered. He led me to the nurse, and as I walked, I made eye-contact 
with Kyle. He was in the crowd. 
He smiled. 
- 123 -

Oh crap. I have to fight with him tonight. 
“What were you doing with Carter?” Max asked. He was on the other side of the 
room, glaring at me. 
I didn’t answer, concentrating on bandaging my wound. 
“Alexis?” 
I bit one end, trying to tie it up. 
“Hello?” 
“What?!” I yelled. “What, Max? Don’t you trust me, at least a little? We weren’t 
doing anything!” 
My fingers fumbled with the bandage. 
“For God’s sake,” Max mumbled, walking over the me, and taking my hurt hand. 
“I’ll do it.” 
I watched his face, as he bandaged my hand. 
“I’m sorry,” I muttered. I don’t say sorry very often – when I do, it feels almost like 
I’m losing. But I kind of felt like sorry was needed right now. 
“No, I’m sorry,” Max said, looking straight into my eyes. “For not trusting you.” 
There was a rush of guilt. 
“Right,” I mumbled, glancing away. 
I entered the school gym, and flicked on the lights. It was completely empty, and 
each of my footsteps echoed through it. The walls were painted a light green. 
I stretched out, and winced when I moved my thumb. Could I really do this? 
Yes. I had to. 
- 124 -

“Are you really going to fight me today?” 
I spun around, to face Kyle. 
“Yes.” 
“Even with that hand?” 
“I could take you without both my hands.” 
He walked towards me, smirking. “You sound confident.” 
“I am confident, Kyle. I can take you.” 
“Do you want to prove it, then?” 
I looked at him, testing to see if he was being serious. When his smug expression 
didn’t change, I ran towards him, feinting to the left, then aiming for the right. 
He grabbed my hand – my unhurt one – and slammed me down. 
I groaned. 
How was he this fast? When I’d fought him before (as a friendly thing), he was 
way slower. He couldn’t have gotten this good in only two years… Unless he was 
constantly practicing. It had to be a fluke. He couldn’t be this good… 
I leapt up, and spun the semi-circle, my foot aiming for his head. 
He punched my chest, and I collapsed. 
I tried to regain my breath. 
“Have you had enough?” he said, his voice completely empty. I pushed myself up 
with my hands, ignoring the sharp pain that flitted through my hand. 
“Obviously not,” he muttered. He came at me this time, and his boot slammed into 
my chin. Shit. My fingers went to my jaw, and when I looked down, I saw blood. 
How did Max take him, if I couldn’t? 
Kyle must’ve let Max win. 
- 125 -

I got up again, and tried a spinning kick. He grabbed my foot, and slammed me to 
the ground. I spat blood, and wiped it from my mouth. 
“Giving up, now?” 
“Never!” I yelled, pushing myself up, and attempting to punch him. He grabbed 
my fist, and twisted. 
“Now?” 
“No.” My teeth where gritted with pain. He was going to break my wrist. 
“How about…now?” he taunted, twisting harder. 
I said nothing. 
“Now?” he whispered, right into me ear, twisting even harder. 
“No!” I screamed. 
He let go. “Would you rather die, than do what I say? You would rather die, than 
leave Max?” 
“Yes,” I spat. Tears were flowing freely now. “I would rather die.” 
He looked at me, his eyes filled with an emotion I couldn’t read. 
Then he turned. 
“What? That’s it?” 
“I can’t fight against you.” 
$ Kyle $ 
I smiled bitterly, as I left the gym. 
Where was all this passion two years ago? 
Well done, Alexis. You’ve finally found someone worth dying for. 
- 126 -

Author's Note: Sorry, didn't proof-read cos had no time. Bye!!!! 
VOMMENT!!!!! 
- 127 -

(Chapter 17) 
+Alexis+ 
I lay flat on the ground, breathing hard. 
“Fuck!” I yelled, my voice ringing in the hall. It felt good to swear. 
How did Kyle do that? 
I don’t know how much time passed, before I got the strength to stand up. I 
pressed my fingertips, one by one, to the cold surface of the floor of the school gym. 
In a smooth, solid movement, I bought myself up. I had to lean against a wall. 
I moved my limbs, one by one. Nothing was broken. Everything was fine. That was 
a consolation, right. 
Hell, no. It felt bad to lose. 
I limped towards the door, and reached for the handle, when it burst open. 
“Carter,” I said, weakly. I was so tired, that when I fell forwards and he had to 
catch me, I didn’t care. I wanted to sleep. 
“Alexis?” he said, sounding scared. “Who the hell did this to you?” 
I can’t believe he was scared. Max wouldn’t sound scared. He would sound angry. 
“Why are you blackmailing me?” I whispered, though un-moving lips. “Why are 
you making me leave Max?” 
He didn’t answer. 
In a sudden moment of clear thought, I pushed him away. “Leave me alone, 
Carter.” 
He grabbed my hand. “I’m not going to back down, Alexis.” 
“Do it, then,” I spat. “Kick Max off the team. I don’t care. It’s nothing to do with 
me!” 
- 128 -

His grip loosened, and I stumbled away. 
When did the Game stop being fun? 
***Next Day*** 
“Where’s Max?” I said, to Blondie. Cheerleader was probably hanging around 
somewhere. “I need to talk to him.” 
I ignored the mutterings around me. 
“Dude,” she said, staring at me. “What happened to your face?” 
I touched the swelling on my cheek, and my black eye. 
“I’ve been through worse,” I said defensively. True. I’ve broken six ribs, my right 
arm twice, my left arm once, my collar bone, my right leg (in three places), and 
fractured my spine. Although, to be fair, most of those was when I drove the car of 
the cliff. 
“Right,” she said. “Max is probably on the pitch, training.” 
I didn’t ask how she knew. 
I ran to the straight to the pitch. The whole team was there, huddled in the 
corner. Except for one, who was talking to the coach. 
Max. 
I decided to watch from where I was. 
Max seemed to be talking to the coach. He was frowning. The coach gestured a lot 
with his hands, making a “what-can-I-do?” sign. Max yelled, and even from where I 
was, I could quite clearly hear, “Why the fuck?” 
I bit my lip, and closed my eyes. I couldn’t watch this. I’m selfish, aren’t I? I was 
born to be. My parents had taught me that I was better. Was I, really? 
Max had changed me. 
- 129 -

School was over, and I’d endured about six hours of people pointing at my face. 
I’d looked for Max at break, and at lunch, but he wasn’t there. 
I tried to look for his face in the crowd, but I didn’t see him. It was starting to rain 
a little, but my hair was the last of my worries right now. 
“Looking for Max?” Carter said, from behind me. 
“Yes.” 
“He’s at the pitch.” 
I looked at him, suspiciously, seeing if he was just lying. When his straight face 
didn’t falter, I turned around and ran towards the pitch. 
I arrived, slightly out of breath. 
Max was still in the pitch. 
I watched him pick up a football in his hand. He looked down at it, and at the 
large, green, grassy area in front of him. He threw it. It landed, with thump that was 
clearly audible in the empty football pitch. 
I walked up to him, slowly. My footsteps were soft against the green grass. 
“The coach kicked me off the team,” he said, picking up another ball from the 
basket. 
My legs faltered. How did he know I was here? 
“Really?” I said, my voice quavering. I tried to swallow the lump in my throat. 
“Why?” 
I closed my eyes. That was the wrong thing to ask. I knew why. Me. 
“I don’t know,” Max said, not turning around. He threw, and it landed with 
another soft ‘thump’. “Said I wasn’t good enough or something.” 
“That’s not true!” I blurted out. “You’re really good!” 
“It is true. Why else would he kick me out of the team?” 
- 130 -

“I…” I bit my lip. 
“See. It’s true.” 
I didn’t answer. 
“So what, Max?” I said, suddenly angry. “It’s just a game! It’s nothing but a 
game!” 
His shirt was soaked through by the rain, which was starting to fall faster, in 
bigger droplets. I could clearly see his back muscles tense up. 
“Just a game?” he said, disbelievingly. “Just a game? You don’t understand, do 
you?” 
“Enlighten me,” I spat. 
“It’s not just a game. Not to us. You have money, Alexis. It’s different. I see your 
expensive motorbike, and your big house, and do you know what I think? I want 
that. I want it as well.” 
“You could get it!” 
“How, Alexis? I’m not smart, I don’t have any connections, all I have is the game 
on the pitch. All I have is the ball, the adrenaline and the goal. As long as I throw a 
ball well, I can get whatever I want. And now…” 
I couldn’t answer. 
I was selfish. I was a selfish bitch. I deserved to die. 
“It’s really important to you?” I whispered. The patter-patter of rain on skin 
almost drowned out my words. 
He didn’t answer. 
“Is it?” I repeated, my voice hard. 
“…Yes.” 
I smiled. 
- 131 -

“Goodbye, Max. I’m breaking up with you.” 
I turned, and walked away. 
This is the moment I win. This is meant to be the moment I win. 
Why the hell doesn’t it feel like winning? 
Carter was leaning against his car, waiting for me. The car park was completely 
and utterly devoid. His polo neck was soaked through. 
“I broke up with Max,” I told him, my voice hoarse. I blinked away the rainwater. I 
was too numb to know if I was crying or not. I should be. “Can you get him back on 
the team?” 
Carter smirked, and leaned down, closer to me. 
“Kiss me, Alexis.” 
I did what he said. 
“Here you go,” Carter said, parking outside my house. 
My hand reached the door, but he stopped me. 
He leaned in, and kissed me again. I don’t know how many times he’s kissed me 
tonight, and I’ve lost count. I vaguely realized that it was more that Max had ever 
kissed me. That didn’t please me. 
His hand grazed my thigh, but I ignored it. 
Carter’s kiss went deeper, and he tried to get me to respond. I stayed still. 
“Damn it, Alexis,” Carter said, suddenly pushing me away. “I would be happier if 
you said you didn’t want it! Why aren’t you reacting?” 
It’s amazing how you can smile, when you want to cry. 
“Because I don’t care, Carter.” 
- 132 -

He stared at me for a moment, then leaned over and unlocked my door. 
“Leave,” he said, not looking at my face. “Now.” 
I left. The rain’s aftermath was cloud, dark grey swirls. Even the weather seemed 
to cry with me. I left him, I kept telling myself. I left him. So why was it…worse than 
Kyle left me? 
I unlocked the door, and closed it behind me. I locked it, and kicked off my wet 
converses. I headed straight for the kitchen. 
I’d stashed a bottle of vodka there. It was meant to last me for months. I ripped 
the stopper off with my teeth, and gulped some down. It burnt my mouth and my 
throat, but it helped me smile. It was so hard to smile when you were alone. I 
smiled, now. 
So fake. 
I took another gulp, and immediately felt dizzy. I leant my head against the wall, 
and let myself rest. The world turned back. 
Author's Note: Wrote this when I was depressed. 
Banana!!!!!!!!!! 
LOL So random :P 
VOMMENT!! 
- 133 -

(Chapter 18) 
$ Kyle $ 
I entered the kitchen, and could immediately smell alcohol. Alexis. 
I ran to her unconscious body. Her face was bruised from yesterday. She’d 
obviously not bothered to get herself checked out. Typical Alexis. I checked the 
bottle she still had clutched in her hand. Vodka. It was half-empty. Shit. That wasn’t 
good. 
Alexis moaned, and shifted, her eye lids fluttering. 
“Max,” she murmured. 
You’re stupid, Alexis. You are a dumb, egotistic, self-centred loser, with familial 
issues. You’re an idiot. The opposite of heaven. You are the devil. 
But when I picked her up, I was gentle, cradling her thin body in my arms. She 
stretched, and gently snuggled closer to my chest. I fought off the urge to just stand 
there for a minute, and enjoy the feeling. 
I carried her up the stairs, trying to keep her body as far away from mine as 
possible, and nudged her door open. It revealed a big, messy room – totally Alexis. 
She always had this talent to somehow make her room a total hovel, despite the fact 
that maids cleaned it everyday. 
I lay her gently down onto the bed, slowly pulling the covers up over her body. 
She snored gently, curling up into the little ball she always slept in. I smoothed 
some of the creases of her duvet, watched her sleep for a while. 
What had gotten her to drink again? Solitary drinking had never been her style – 
it’d always been at parties, with friends. Something had gotten her angry again. 
Something made her snap. She’d been so good, since she came here…something 
definitely must have happened. 
It was Carter, right? 
That dirty bastard. I didn’t think he would actually do that, not to his friend. Max 
had been his friend, right? 
- 134 -

My eyes strayed back to Alexis’ face. She was sleeping so peacefully now. 
Everything had been erased from her face, all the bitterness, mock confidence, and 
sarcasm. She was the Alexis. The Alexis, before I met her. 
My finger reached over, to brush her fact. She flinched in her sleep, and I stopped 
myself, an inch away from the soft skin of her cheek. 
+Alexis+ 
I woke up, with my head pounding. I patting the ground, and frowned, when it was 
a little bit too soft. Wait…I was warm. How was that possible? How was I…? 
I sat up, and my duvet fell off me. I blinked, and squinted in the light. 
“Crap,” I muttered, pulling my duvet on my head again. Whoever invented 
sunlight was a sadistic son-of-a-bitch. 
“Miss Alexis?” 
“Go away! I’m not going to school today!” 
“Miss Alexis?!” she yelled, and I covered my ears. My head felt like it was about to 
burst. Shit. This was a hangover…but how…? You only got hangovers after you were 
drunk (clever, Alexis), right? So… 
Then it all came back to me. 
Shit. I’m definitely not going to school today. 
I heard my maid yell for Kyle, and squeezed my eyes closed, hard. I’d forgotten 
how much hangovers sucked. I’m never drinking again. 
There was silence for a while, and then I felt a gentle tugging on my duvet. 
“Go away, Kyle. I’m not in the mood to fight with you.” 
He didn’t reply for a moment. “Are you going to school, or not?” 
“Not.” 
- 135 -

He waited, and then suddenly I was airborne. 
“Ah, crap! Let me down, Kyle!” I screamed, hurting my own head. “Let me down!” 
Kyle spun me around. I wanted to puke. 
“Are you coming to school?” 
“No!” 
He dipped my head, and I screamed. 
“Now?” he asked. 
“No!” 
He threw me up, and suddenly the duvet pulled off my face, and I could see the 
ground zoom towards my face. 
“How about now?” 
“Fine!” I screamed. “I’m going! Just…let me down, please!” 
He dropped me down, onto my bed, and I gasped for air. 
“I hate you so much,” I choked, my eyes squinting in the unbearable sunlight. Kyle 
smirked, walked to the windows, and threw them open. Suddenly, I was blinded. 
“I know.” 
I tried to not to look at anyone, as I crossed the courtyard. Everyone was 
whispering about me, and everyone was glaring. I didn’t make eye contact with 
them, as I walked on. They must’ve heard, right? 
Coming from the school hall, were the last two people I wanted to see together. 
Max and Tiffany. 
They were walking, hand in hand, laughing about something. I swallowed, but 
suddenly my throat was very dry. Damn it. Max was ignoring me pointedly, walking 
- 136 -

past me like I didn’t exist. My legs stopped, and I tried to gather the energy to carry 
on walking. 
I bit my lip, but a tear escaped. I wiped it away, quickly. Why was I being like this? 
Didn’t I win the game? Aren’t I the winner? 
Something hit wet and cold hit the side of my face. Slowly, I looked up, wiping my 
wet cheek. A water balloon. It was one of the cheerleaders. 
“Take that, you bitch!” she screamed, and everyone laughed. 
I ignored her, and started walking on. 
More things hit me, but I just walked on. This was nothing, absolutely nothing, 
compared to the pain of seeing Max and Tiffany. This was completely nothing. 
I closed my eyes, and I even managed to smile. Water balloons. How completely 
amateur. I’ve done worse things to others. I totally deserved this. The sky started to 
swim, but I blinked. Everything had gone hazy. 
Suddenly, someone was holding me, protecting me from the water balloons. My 
eyes snapped open. Was it…? Did he still care? 
I looked up, and saw Tom. 
“What the hell are you people doing?!” he yelled, his face angrier than I’d ever 
seen before. “What are you doing to her?” 
“She deserves it!” someone yelled. 
I wanted to tell Tom not to protect me. I totally did. 
“So?!” he yelled back. “Does that mean you get to treat her like this?” 
I glanced away, and met eyes with Max. He was standing at the other end of the 
courtyard. Tiffany held onto his arm, trying to drag him with her, but he wouldn’t 
move. He just stood there, watching me and Tom, with an unreadable look on his 
face. My head swam, and his face blurred. 
I closed my eyes, and buried my face in Tom’s sweater. Max shouldn’t have to see 
me right now. I was the last person he wanted to see. 
- 137 -

“You know what she did to Max!” someone else screamed. “You’re his friend! 
Shouldn’t you be sticking up for him, instead?” 
Tom didn’t say anything, but his muscles tensed. After a few moments, I pushed 
Tom away, tottering slightly. 
“It’s fine,” I said, with a smile. “Go and protect your friend, Tom. I’m fine.” 
I collapsed. 
Author's Note: Sorry, sorry, sorry for writing a crappy short part, but forgiiiiiiiiive 
me!!! I have an english oral presentation thing soon, and I have no idea what to use 
as a topic!! Any ideas, please??!!! I'm dying!! 
Had a vacinnation thing, and how my arms hurt like hell, I can barely type :P 
P.S. VOMMENT!!! LOVE YOU!!! 
- 138 -

(Chapter 19) 
+Alexis+ 
I opened my eyes. 
I was in the school infirmary, lying in a hospital-like bed. I breathed in, and felt 
the musty smell of medicine and sick people fill my lungs. Great. 
Someone shifted, on the end of my bed. 
"Tom," I murmured, rubbing my temples. "You're here. How long was I out?" 
"Thirty minutes. You feinted." he answered, curtly. 
"Right." 
The infirmary was silent for a minute. 
"I just wanted to say," he started, his tone nasty, "that I can't forgive you for what 
you did to Max, and -" 
I held up a hand. "Please, Tom. Not today. I'm tired." 
He glared. "That's not for you to decide. Max is my friend, and I want to tell you 
that what you did was wrong. You can't just lead someone one like that, then just 
leave them! You can't just do that to someone!" 
He stopped himself from continuing. 
"Max should make some better friends," I said, smiling sadly. 
"What's that meant to mean?" 
"Nothing, Tom. It doesn't mean anything anymore." 
"Did you hear? Is that why you're bringing this up?" 
I sat up, straighter. "Here what?" 
- 139 -

"Why Max and Tiffany broke up, before." 
"No, I didn't..." 
"Carter." 
"What?!" 
"Carter," Tom repeated, grimly. "Carter slept with Tiffany. Max forgave Carter, 
but not Tiffany. That was why they'd broken up." 
I settled back onto the pillow, burying my face in my hands. 
Oh my god. What had I done? 
"Tom," I said, trying to bring myself back to the present. "Why did you protect me 
out there? I dumped your friend, and broke his heart. Why are you...?" 
The answer was obvious from his face. 
"You like me," I finished. 
He flushed, and looked away. 
Suddenly, I was feeling incredibly tired. Another time, and another place, and I 
would've enjoyed the attention. Maybe I would've played with him. I would've left 
him, of course - and he'd become nothing but just another person I'd beaten at 'the 
Game'. Now...I just wanted everything to stop. 
"Sorry, Tom," was all I could say. 
"I'm not here to tell you that," he said, still red. "I'm here to convince you to make 
up with Max. All you have to do is tell him what you said yesterday was a joke. It's 
that easy." 
I smiled. 
"I wish it was that simple, Tom." 
I woke up, again. I glanced at the clock. Two thirty. I looked back down, and froze. 
- 140 -

Max was here. 
Suddenly, all of my senses were on hyper-alert. 
He was staring away, out the window, apparently thinking about something. His 
hands fidgeted with a small black velvet box in his fingers, snapping it open and 
closed again. Something glinted in it. 
I closed my eyes again. Great. He'd gotten a gift for Tiffany - probably from 
Tiffany's. I hope they're very happy together. 
No, I'm not. Screw them. 
My movements had apparently drawn his attention to me. He looked at me, and 
my heart plummeted. His look was a sort of mix between hatred and anger. 
Definitely not a good combo. 
I coughed, and waited for him to speak. 
"Hello," I said inanely. My voice was hoarse, and sounded wrong in the silent 
infirmary. 
He did nothing but look at me. I stared back, unsure of how to react. 
"The coach let me back on the team." 
My throat closed up. 
"That's nice," I managed to choke out. 
"Right," he said. 
We both sat in mutual silence. 
"I was going to ask you to Prom." 
I didn't like how he sounded - almost accusing. 
This wasn't my fault, okay? This was that psycho Carter, and that idiot, Kyle. It 
was nothing to do with me! It wasn't my problem. 
But why did I sleep with him in the first place? Now Max was going to think I was 
- 141 -

like Tiffany. Just another slut. I could never, never let him know. Even if it meant 
dating Carter, to keep his mouth shut. Because if Max knew... 
My mind couldn't even comprehend. 
"Right." There was nothing else I could say. 
Max struggled with a dilemma in his mind. I could almost see it in his eyes, as he 
came to a decision about something. 
He thrust the little box into my hands. 
"I was going to give you that," he said, his voice completely detached. "For Prom. 
It's too late now, but I want you to have it." 
The box was meant for me? 
I fought down my automatic desire to grab it and open it. 
"You don't have to, Max. It's fine." 
"Take it, Alexis," Max said, his voice still calm. "I can't give it to anyone else, now, 
and I can't return it either, so...just take it." 
"No." 
"Take the damn box, Alexis!" For the first time, he sounded angry. There was a 
glint in his eyes, that was gone as quickly as it came. 
"Bye." 
"Bye," I echoed, biting onto my lip. 
He turned, and walked out. I watched him leave. 
I stared at the little velvet box, wondering what could be inside. In the end, I 
reached out, with shaking fingers. I shivered when they made contact with the soft 
material. It was still warm, from Max's warm hand. I couldn't help but hold it for a 
while, close to my chest. 
My fingers found the groove, and I smiled. He'd gotten me something. He was 
going to ask me to the Prom. 
- 142 -

My smile disappeared. Everything was ruined, now. 
I closed my eyes, and snapped the little box open. 
When I opened my eyes again, I gasped. 
The earphones. The ones I'd seen in the shop that day in Italy. He'd remembered. 
My throat closed, and I dropped the box, suddenly unable to breathe. He'd gotten 
them for me - god knows how he got the money for them, but he got them for me. 
The little pink gems shone so prettily, and as light fell through it, reflected pink light 
everywhere, like a dozen little mirrors. A tear leaked from my eye, and dropped onto 
the bed, staining it a shade deeper. 
He'd gotten them for me. 
He'd really liked me. 
I'd let him go. 
Suddenly, I was drowning in a wave of regret. I'd let him go. I can't believe I just 
gave up like that. I never gave up. I was Alexis. I was the girl who could have 
anything in the world. 
I slid my pockets to find the hard thing that had been digging into my thigh. I 
scrolled down the contacts, and pressed call. 
"Hello, Daddy? I need to talk to you." 
$ Kyle $ 
I closed my suitcase, and struggled to zip it. Damn it - it'd never been good at this. 
When I went on trips, I'd always had a maid or someone to do it for me. 
I stood back, and surveyed the now empty room. It was completely clean and 
lifeless again. I hated that. 
Maybe I'd go to California, and visit my cousins. Maybe I'd go to Manhattan, and 
party up there. Maybe I'd go to France, and drink some good wine and get pissed. I 
don't know. 
- 143 -

But I had to go. 
Author's Note: I'm crying... Don't know why. Probably out of intense boredom. 
Anyways, what have you been up to? Nm? Same. 
Vomment me XxX 
- 144 -

(Chapter 20) 
$ Kyle $ 
I turned around, and saw Alexis staring at me. 
She was looking pale, and I suddenly wondered if she was alright. I ignored this. 
“What the hell are you doing in my room?” I spat, trying to hide my suitcase 
behind my back, but it was too late. 
“Going somewhere?” she asked lightly, smirking a little. I blinked. Why was she 
so…chippy? 
“No,” I replied, immediately. I cussed. That was a natural reaction – to completely 
deny whatever she accuses. I tried to change the subject. “What are you doing?” 
“Nothing…but I just want you to know…I’m going to get Max back.” 
“What?” I said, blinking. “…Did you…?” 
“That’s right. I’m not going to lose, Kyle. I won’t lose this…game.” 
I blinked again. She still hadn’t realized? 
She was an idiot. 
I smiled, and Alexis glared at me. “Why are you laughing? What’s wrong with 
you?” 
“I’m going to tell you a story,” I said, and holding up a finger when she opened her 
mouth to talk – probably to say some sort of smart-ass comment. “No, Alexis. Listen, 
just this once.” 
I sat down, and tried to work out what I should say. I swallowed, and watched her 
stare at me. 
+Alexis+ 
- 145 -

I sat next to him, on his now bare bed, watching him squirm. What’s this about? I 
glanced over at his suitcase, which lay at his feet. Was he leaving? 
“Alexis,” he started, his forehead creasing a little. I’d known him long enough to 
know he was worried. “…I think it’s time for you to stop.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
He swallowed. “Okay…Well, a couple years back, I met a girl.” 
I raised my eyebrows, but stayed silent. 
“A couple years back, I met a girl…” he repeated, his eyes glazing over. “And it 
was everything I’d wanted. It was fairytale. It was perfect. Everything. And 
slowly…it stopped being a game anymore.” 
I watched him struggle to come up with the right words, curious now. Who was 
the girl he’d – Kyle, the guy who’d broken so many hearts – had fell in love with. The 
one who’d made him the twisted bastard he is now, the guy who liked hurting 
others. 
“I fell in…love,” he said, struggling to get the word out. Typical Kyle. Wait, that 
was kind of hypocritical of me, but whatever… “And it scared me…because I was 
like you. I liked playing the game.” 
Wait…he broke hearts, before he fell in love? I frowned. That made no sense. 
“And so…Do you know what I did? I tested her. I tested fate. Because, surely, if it 
was meant to be, nothing could ever happen to us, right?” 
I could already sense there wasn’t a happy end to this story. 
“I…pretended to fall for someone else. I was an idiot, to try and make her jealous, 
but…she wasn’t jealous. Not at all. Mad, really. And…she moved on.” 
He looked me straight in my eyes. “And now she’s out there, playing the cold, 
lonely game, just like me.” 
We were both silent for a while. 
Kyle… 
- 146 -

“Kyle,” I said, my voice soft. “What this before or after you dated me?” 
He looked at me, smiling. “You’ll have to guess that, Alex.” 
He pulled his suitcase up, and waved. “Bye.” 
Kyle… 
$ Kyle $ 
You are an idiot. A total idiot. 
It was you, Alexis. 
The Next Day 
+Alexis+ 
I mascara’d my eyes, pouting in the mirror. I pursed my lips. Perfect. I did a 
pirouette in front of a mirror, smiling to myself. I’d smudged a load of concealer 
onto the bruise around my eye. Damn Kyle. But I couldn’t bring myself to hate him 
as much as before. 
“I’m ready,” I announced to my reflection, smiling to try and convince myself I was 
ready – but I was a little too pale to be completely convincing. 
I was ready – to face Carter, and Max. I was completely and utterly ready. In, or 
out. It was my choice. And I was choosing in. 
I walked passed Kyle’s empty room. 
What had that story been about? What the hell did he mean stop playing the 
game? His life was all about the game – just like mine. Without the game, my life 
would be empty. I can’t leave the game…That was why I hadn’t left. It was because I 
had to teach Carter a lesson…That was the only reason. 
Or so I told myself. 
- 147 -

I swung a leg over my motorbike, and started the engine. 
I’d make a deal with my Dad, and I knew I was totally going to regret it later. But 
whatever. 
The chips were down…and I was all in. 
=Hailey= 
“So, Max said, ‘See you later’,” Tiffany gushed, fluttering her eyelashes. “And then 
he turns around and leaves! And I’m, like…” 
I fiddled with my nails, doing my best to look interested. The other girls seemed to 
love her little story. God. What a bunch of idiots. 
Alexis had fully crushed Max – doing exactly what I wanted. Thanks for that, 
Alexis. But… 
I looked over at Max, who was sitting alone on a park bench. 
He didn’t look depressed – hell, no. This was Max. He was the epitome of butch 
manliness, and was completely not the type to mope about, crying like a little girl. 
Maybe that was what made him so attractive – he didn’t moan about football, and 
goals, and girlfriends, or whatever. Max was pretty much perfect. 
But I could still tell. Did it hurt me, a little bit? Hell # yes. But did I regret it? No. 
He deserved it, being a total man-whore and playing around…Okay, that was not 
true. Max was a gentlemen. It was just the last few days, before Alexis showed up – 
Alexis! 
I suddenly sat up straighter, and even Tiffany shut the hell up. 
The whole school fell silent. 
“What’s she doing back here?” Tiffany whispered. “Didn’t yesterday…?” 
I rolled my eyes. The whole water-bombing thing. The most immature idea I’d ever 
heard of – but who could say no to Tiffany? Not that anyone would want to, since 
she’d spread a bunch of rumours about the break-up. Some involving prostitution. 
- 148 -

Her voice set of a flood of whispers and mutters. 
“Why’s she back?” 
“Is she trying something again?” 
“Dirty slut.” 
Alexis just walked forwards, ignoring the whispers. Like everyone else, I watched 
her cross the schoolyard. We all held our breaths. Who was she walking towards? 
No…it couldn’t be…she wouldn’t dare… 
But she did. 
She drew closer to Max, and stood in front of him, her lips curled up in a cocky 
smirk. 
She tilted her head. Her smile was intoxicating, and my mouth gaped open a little. 
I finally realized…it was never just her looks. It was never just her face. It was the 
air around her… There was something about her that made even girls… 
“See you at Tiffany’s party, tonight?” 
Even though her voice was quiet, everyone heard her coy words. We stared at 
Max, waiting for his reaction. 
“Alexis, I –” 
But she didn’t give him a chance. She turned around, and left. 
+Alexis+ 
Carter grabbed me by my arm, stopping me. 
We were away from the rest of the school. He must’ve followed me. 
“What the hell was that?” he hissed, angrily. “Why did you just –?” 
I slapped him, hard. 
- 149 -

“No more, Carter. This is the end. I’m not afraid of you anymore. The time is over. 
You can’t blackmail me, just because I slept with you once, Carter.” 
“But…Max –” 
I was already turning away. “Do anything like that again, and I’ll make sure you’re 
the one off the football team.” 
I turned, and walked away. 
I bumped into Cheerleader. 
Crap. 
How many stupid corners did this school have? Could I never have single 
conversation without being interrupted? 
“So, sweet Alexis?” Cheerleader said, giving a smirk. “You’ve been bad, haven’t 
you? Been messing around with Carter…? What would Max say?” 
I smiled back, ignoring my frantically beating heart. 
“Would he believe you?” 
Author's Note: Starting new book tomorrow. You will love. :) 
VOMMENT!!!!!! 
- 150 -

(Chapter 21) 
+Alexis+ 
I lined my eyes, and fluffed up my hair. 
The concealer I'd piled on hid the paleness of my cheeks, and I forced my hands to 
stay still as I put on my lipstick, or I'll stab myself in the eye. Tiffany...was she going 
to tell Max? 
I had to hold onto the dressing table to stop my legs from collapsing. Oh God... 
After a couple minutes, I pulled myself together. Tonight was the night. I had to 
make it work, or the sacrifice I'd made...it would've been for absolutely nothing. 
I'd worn a slinky black dress this time. It was dotted with sequins, which glinted in 
the light of my bedroom. 
I checked my watch. Twelve. 
Party etiquette stated a real party-animal arrives late. Way, way late. And since 
her party started at seven...I was late enough, right? 
Time to go. 
=Hailey= 
His fingers roamed up my dress, paused my bra strap. The loud punk music 
pounded against my ears, making it impossible for me to actually think 
His eyes were green. I liked that. I'd loved green eyes, after... 
What was his name? 
That was why I got drunk. I could finally forget his name. 
This guy was trying hard, I had to admit. I could taste the alcohol in his breath - or 
was that mine? He fumbled at my bra strap. I decided to put him out of his misery, 
and just do it myself. 
- 151 -

The guy smiled appreciatively, and wasted no time in sticking his hand up my 
dress. I closed my eyes, and let him do his work. 
"Hey, Blondie." 
My eyes flashed open, and I squinted through the darkness to try and see the girl 
who was suddenly in Tiffany's parent's bedroom. 
"Crap, Alexis!" I yelled, pulling away from the guy. 
"Any idea where Max is?" she asked, her voice slightly bemused. But I'd known 
her long enough to tell she was nervous. 
"Uh...Second door on the right..." 
She turned around, about to go. Should I tell her? It would be better to tell her, 
right? 
"Alexis?" I blurted, without thinking. She turned back, raising her eyebrows. 
No. Alexis was definitely the shoot-the-messenger type. 
"Nothing," I said. 
Outside, rain started to sprinkle. 
+Alexis+ 
I closed my eyes, calming myself down. This was it... 
For some reason, my heart was pounding, and hard and as fast as the techno beat 
of the music. A drunk guy stumbled past me, diving down the stairs, caught by his 
cheering friends. I had to give that it Tiffany. She knew how to throw a party. 
A vase smashed next to my head. 
She really knew how to throw a party. 
My fingers lingered on the door. This was it... 
- 152 -

I threw the door open, and two people turned around, squinting the sharp light. 
I blinked, and I could almost hear the sounds of my world crumbling. 
Max and Tiffany. 
Max's shirt was off, pooled at his feet. He had Tiffany pressed up against a wall, 
their arms wrapped around each other. 
I back away, and I could feel tears filling my eyes. 
Oh, God... 
I turned and walked away. 
Max caught my arm. I threw him off. 
We were in Tiffany's empty street. It was littered with cars. I weaved in and out of 
them. 
It was raining, again. 
Water permeated my dress. I was soaked through to my underwear, and the cold 
make me shiver. 
"Alexis, look at me." 
"No." 
"You broke up with me, Alexis. I could do that -" 
"Then why are you chasing me?" 
I looked into his eyes. The green depths were suddenly uncertain. 
"Because...I..." Then he blinked, and he was sure again. "I have to tell you I'm 
dating Tiffany now. I like her, and -" 
"You dumb bastard!" I yelled. "I didn't want to break up with you, but someone -" 
- 153 -

"Someone what?" 
"Never mind," I said, turning away again. I tried to find my bike. "It doesn't 
matter, if you're really with Tiffany. I don't know why I'm even doing this...you're 
nothing but a stupid player." 
This time he didn't follow me, but my feet seemed to stop of their own accord. I 
couldn't help it. It was like my body didn't want to be away from him. 
"I'm not a player," he whispered, almost drowned by the raindrops. "That was... 
Tiffany. She was possessive...whenever I got a girlfriend...she would break us up..." 
"If Tiffany was the one who messed up all your relationships," I yelled, water 
making my hair stick to my head. I blinked away the rain and the tears, trying to 
concentrate. "Then why didn't you do anything to stop her?" 
"I didn't care enough," Max said, his eyes pleading for me to trust him. I've seen 
that look before. I fell for it last time. "Now...this is different. I care." 
"Spoken like a true player." 
"I'm not a player! What do I have to do to make you believe me?" 
I looked at him, at his honest face. He looked so sincere, standing there, in front of 
me. I could almost believe him... But was I willing to take that chance? 
"Nothing," I said, smiling bitterly. "It's too late. Way too late." 
I turned. 
"I love you." 
I stopped. 
He said it. He said the three words that normally meant, to me, that it was the end 
of the relationship. I'd first heard those words two years ago, when I was a stupid, 
naïve girl who believe everything guys said to her. 
It'd hurt so much, when I had my heart broken... 
But I knew, this time, if Max broke my heart, it would have broken it for good. 
This time, it was real. If he'd broken my heart this time, it would be broken forever. 
- 154 -

There could be no one that would be able to fix me. 
So I just walked on, my pumps squelching with every footstep. 
My tears mixed with the rainwater. 
But my resolve wasn't so strong. 
So when he grabbed my back, and held me close, I broke down. 
"I love you, Alexis." 
*** Next Morning *** 
My eyes flickered open, and I focused on Max's sleeping face, illuminated by the 
sunlight from my window. I smiled. 
I finally understood. 
Everything Kyle said. 
I closed my eyes again. 
I was in love. 
Author's Note: Do not be fooled by the ending-like ending to this chappie, cos it's 
not the end. The end will come soon, though. Just warning ya, so you guys don't get 
really "ARGH!!!" when the end does come :) 
P.S. VOMMENT!!! 
P.P.S. Check out my new book, "The Girl Who Wrote the Dating Manual". 
- 155 -

(Chapter 22) 
=Hailey= 
Everyone was silent, as they stared. I was silent. It was the last thing I’d expected 
to see. 
Alexis and Max, hand in hand, laughing. 
Alexis looked the happiest I’d ever seen her. 
I clenched my fist. 
No…this wasn’t fair…this can’t… 
+Alexis+ 
“Are you going to the pitch?” I asked, swinging his hand. 
“Yeah.” 
I reached up, and kissed him. “Have fun.” 
He waved, let go of my fingers and ran away. I sighed, watching him leave. I’d 
forgotten what it’d felt like…love… I smiled to myself, staring up at the clouds…hey, 
one kind of looked like a heart…well, a disfigured, twisted, diseased heart, but a 
heart all the same. I was deliriously happy. 
Someone slammed me, shoulder-first against a pole. I blinked, my love-induced 
haze clearing. I was pulled back into the world. 
“Alexis…” It was Blondie. “What happened? Why did you…?” 
I smiled, pulling her hand off my shoulder gently. “I’m sorry, Blondie. I can’t do it 
any more. I can’t help your sister get revenge any more. I realized that I’m in love 
with –” 
She slapped me. 
- 156 -

“No!” she hissed, pressing her forehead against mine. I looked into her eyes. They 
were totally crazy with anger. “You can’t do this to me…you can’t…” 
My cheek stung from her slap. “Get off me, Blondie!” 
“Hailey!” 
She’d slapped me again. “My name is Hailey, you got it? I’m not Blondie, I’m not 
Cheerleader, I’m Hailey.” 
“Okay…” I said, glaring at her, and rubbing my cheek. I didn’t like how she was 
talking to me, now. But I’ll like it slide, just this once… 
“If you don’t break up with him,” she said, staring at me, “I’ll tell them about 
Carter. They’ll believe me. They might not believe Tiffany, but they’ll believe me.” 
I smiled. 
She was blackmailing me? 
I could laugh. 
“I believe in him,” I said, my voice confident. “He trusts me. He won’t leave me, 
Hailey.” 
“Hey,” I said, high-fiving Max. It was almost creepily lame, but I wasn’t 
considering that right now. Max looked up at me, blinking through his eyelashes. 
His green eyes shone. He had his headphones in, and I saw his eyes flick to my ears 
– I had mine in, too. Then Max smiled, this most gorgeous, beautiful smile. My 
breath caught in my throat. 
He patted to the seat next to him, and I sat down. 
It was History – it hadn’t started yet, but I knew it would be starting soon. I 
glanced around me, and saw that…something was different. Something had 
changed…wait…why was everyone clutching paper, and models of things…? 
Max looked around as well, and slowly, his face paled. 
“Oh God…” he whispered. “No. Please, God no…” 
- 157 -

The teacher came in. 
“Hello, everyone,” he said, briskly. “I hope you all have your history projects.” 
Crap. 
Great. My second detention. 
We were meant to be doing our projects now, and Max was furiously flicking 
through books. I tried to concentrate, but it was hard, because our knees kept 
knocking together, sending a shiver up my body. 
So I stared out of the window, my eyes glazing over. 
Prom was tomorrow. I didn’t really know is Max was going to ask me… I glanced 
at him, and watched Max blink at a book furiously. I bit my lip. I really hoped he 
would ask me. Okay, the idea of Prom was dumb and cliché, and totally and utterly 
lame, but… I wanted to go with Max. 
How slushy is that? 
I stared at him, until he noticed my gaze boring into the back of his head, and 
looked up. 
“What?” he whispered, totally clueless about my agonies. I swallowed, glancing at 
the teacher to make sure he wasn’t listening. Come on, Alexis. You have to ask him. 
You are strong. You can… 
“Are we going to Prom, or what?” 
Max stared at me, confused. His hand slipped into his pocket, and pulled out some 
tickets. “Weren’t we going already?” 
My gaze focused on the slips of paper, and unconsciously, I welled up. He’d 
bought the tickets…how sweet. 
“Yes,” I said. “Yes, we are.” 
Prom 
- 158 -

I adjusted the strap of my dress. My push-up bra was awesome. I tilted my hips, 
and smirked. Ready. 
“You’re going out like that?” 
My head spun, and I glared at my Mom. (When did she get back?) 
“It’s called fashion, Mom.” 
“You can call it fashion all you want, you’re still not going out like that.” 
I smiled, in semi-surprise and semi-happiness. I was kind of glad I could have a 
normal mother-daughter conversation with her – though I had no idea why. 
“But Mom…” I whined. “It’s Prom! All the other girls will be wearing things like 
this! This is a Chanel original, okay? It was specially tailored for me! You can’t just 
let it go to waste –” 
“Fine,” my Mom snapped, caving in. She smiled at me, and for a moment she 
wasn’t the shrewd business woman who owned and controlled a massive, global 
company, but just my Mom. My friendly, sweet Mom who baked my cookies and 
stuff (not that she’d ever done that. She sucks at anything more complicated than 
boiling water. 
“So Mom, why are you back?” 
Her face changed back again, and suddenly she was cold. 
“No reason. Can’t I come and see my own daughter for once?” 
I grit my teeth. “You’ve never done before.” 
“You –” she started, but she closed her eyes again, and I could quite clearly see 
her counting to ten in her head. “No, Alexis,” she said, with loads of effort. “You’re 
right. And that’s mainly the reason I came back. Your Father and I will like to talk to 
you, tonight, as soon as you come back from Prom –” 
“Dad’s back too?” 
This was…different. Before, they’d completely avoid each other at all costs. Why 
would they be back, and both at once? 
- 159 -

There was a sick feeling at the bottom of my stomach. 
“Great, Mom,” I said, smiling as naturally as I could. There was a silence. Then the 
sound of the doorbell broke it. 
“Max!” I yelled, running out of my room. I grabbed the pair of shoes I’d left 
outside the room, and ran to stairs. Max was here, Max’ll make everything better, 
he’ll tell me what to do about my family, Max’ll make everything alright again... 
I looked down at Max, from the top, and I stopped running. Oh God, he looked 
good. The tux made him look so elegant, and his face was pulled up in a cute smirk. 
He looked up and down my appreciatively, and his smirk turned into a broad grin. 
He bowed slowly, sloping down his head. When he’d looked up, his expression had 
completely changed. It was gentle, and soft, and loving. My heart raced. 
“Alexis, will you do the honor, of being my date for Prom?” 
“I’d love to.” 
Author's Note: This book is almost done!!! Yay, then I can start another book soon 
XxX 
Love you all!!! 
P.S. Vomment!! 
- 160 -

(Chapter 23) 
+Alexis+ 
“This is nice,” Max said, his voice in my ear. His hands were at my waist, as I leant 
against him, my eyes closed. 
“It is.” 
My eyes were closed, and we were both swaying to the beat of some random song. 
This was perfect, right? This was like a fairytale, totally perfect. 
Okay, the hall might not be perfect – like most public schools, they couldn’t afford 
to hire anywhere proper, so they had to make do with their own hall. However, they 
tried to cover the place with balloons and banners with cheesy slogans on like, 
“Let’s Get Dancing!”, and even stuck a “DJ” (clearly our science teacher, except in a 
really big shirt) in the middle of the hall. But it didn’t change much. 
Still, I was happy. 
After the song was finished, I told him I had to go out for a minute. The second I 
stepped into the restroom, the door slammed shut, and I jumped. 
“Hailey? What are you doing?” 
“What did I tell you, Alexis? Didn’t I tell you not to talk to him?” 
I rolled my eyes. “Hailey, stop it. You have no right to –” 
“But you slept with Carter!” she yelled. Her hair, which had been coiled into an 
elegant bun for tonight, was loosening, as she glared at me. “You slept with Carter, 
and you can’t –” 
“That was a mistake! It only happened once, and I didn’t even like it! I’m not 
going to listen to this anymore, okay?” 
I turned, and walked away. 
But the scary thing is, as I opened the door, and saw her reflection in the pane of 
glass…she was smiling. 
- 161 -

=Hailey= 
Tiffany stepped out of the toilet cubicle, her eyes shining with anticipation. 
“Did you do it?” she asked. 
“Yes, I did, but…Are you sure we should do this?” 
“What do you think? After what Max did to you?” 
“Yes, you’re right,” I said, with as much conviction as I could muster. “You’re so 
right.” 
But I thought about the way Alexis would look…she’d hate me for life, right? 
We were meant to be friends. 
+Alexis+ 
“There’s a rumour that you’ll be made Prom Queen.” 
My eyes widened. “Really? After everything that’s happened? I thought everyone 
hated me!” 
“Don’t worry about that,” Max says, smiling. His hands are sneakily inching lower. 
My breath catches in my throat. “That was all Tiffany, making up stupid rumours. I 
got it all cleared up for you.” 
“Thanks,” I said, pulling his hands up to my waist again. “Not in public, Max!” 
“But it’s so hard keeping my hands off you,” he whispers, leaning in again. I let 
him kiss me gently, before I push him away again, giggling. 
“Stop it!” I muttered. 
Suddenly, there was a music change. Both of us looked up, at the “DJ”. 
“Yo, peeps!” the fifty-something-year-old said, in a desperate attempt to be cool. 
“We is here to announce the three nominees for Prom Queen, and the three 
nominees for Prom King!” 
- 162 -

A couple people laughed at him. 
“Prom King Candidates are…Jace Radley!” 
Everyone cheered, as a hot guy strutted onto the stage. 
“Hey!” Max protested, covering my eyes. 
“Sorry,” I said, smiling. “Jealous, much?” 
“Tom Hall!” 
There was mass yelling now, and Tom made his way through the crowd, and onto 
the stage. He looked straight at me. I smiled at him, just at he looked away. Tom… 
“And… Max Brown!” 
“Whoo!” I cheered, clapping Max on the back, who was looking adorably 
confused. 
“Me?” he said, as if he couldn’t believe it. 
“Totally, babe,” I said, smirking at him. I gave him a kiss, earning laughter from 
the crowd, and I pushed Max towards to stage. He stumbled, and climbed up the 
stairs, and looking confused. That’s what I liked about him. 
“Now, time for the Prom Queen Nominees!” 
Max looked kind of uncomfortable up there, but he smiled at me anyway. 
“Tiffany Bledel!” 
Obviously. I saw her flirtatiously glance at Max, and I clenched my fist. At the 
same time, I felt Hailey sidle up to me. 
“Alexis, this is your last chance,” her voice was low and urgent. “Break up with 
him now, I won’t do it.” 
“You never give up, do you?” I asked, exasperated. “This is my last, and final 
answer to you, and anyone who stands between me and Max. Please, f –” 
“Amber Owen!” the DJ boomed. 
- 163 -

“– off!” I finished. I turned back to the crowd. 
“Now, the final nominee…” 
There was a mass intake of breath as about a hundred girls silently begged God. 
“Alexis –” 
My last name was drowned out by a thousand cheers, and boos (cheers from the 
guys, boos from the girls). 
Smiling, I walked up the stage, the spotlight shining on my head. I joined Max, 
and he slid an arm around my waist. It fit perfectly, like it’d always meant to be 
there. 
“Now, we can reveal the winners… Prom King is… Max Brown!” 
I laughed, as the “DJ” dumped a shiny plastic-looking crown on Max’s head. He 
blinked, and the DJ motioned towards the microphone, obviously telling him to make 
a speech. Slowly, he made his way to the microphone. 
“Uh, hey guys.” 
Everyone cheered in response. 
I closed my eyes. 
You know, it’s funny. I’ve pictured my school Prom so many ways. I’ve never quite 
pictured it like this. I never thought I would be standing here, in this “lame” public 
school, at the “lame” prom, on the “lame” stage. In fact, it totally wasn’t lame. It was 
epic. 
I opened my eyes again, and started at the back of Max’s head. How much of that 
was him? 
Ninety-nine percent, I guess. 
“Thanks so voting for me… uh…yeah.” 
Max turned away from the microphone, and when he caught my eye, he flashed 
me a smile. It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. 
- 164 -

“After that exciting speech, we can now announce Prom Queen!” 
Do you what’s the funniest thing? 
I don’t even care. 
So I close my eyes, and wait. 
And nothing comes. Except… 
“But you slept with Carter! You slept with Carter, and you can’t –” 
What the hell is this?! My eyes snap open. What the hell…? I’m frozen. Oh God. 
Because I know what’s going to happen next. 
My own words, which will seal my fate. 
My voice booms from the speakers, echoing over the silent crowd. 
“That was a mistake! It only happened once, and I didn’t even like it! I’m not 
going to listen to this anymore, okay?” 
I look at Max, and all I see is surprise. 
I look at the crowd, and I see the same expression. 
Then I look at Tiffany, and she is laughing. 
Hailey isn’t. She looks sad. 
What was I meant to do? 
I turn and run. 
Author's Note: Almost finished with this story!!! :( 
Vomment!!! 
- 165 -

(Chapter 24) 
+Alexis+ 
“Alexis…?” It was my Mom’s voice. “Can we come in?” 
I asked, closing my eyes. My room was completely pitch black. I couldn’t bring 
myself to switch on my lights. I would see myself. Oh God… 
“No,” I said, my voice hoarse. “Please don’t come in.” 
“But we have something to tell you.” 
Oh, that’s right. Dad was back. I swallowed dryly, and bit my lip. “Tell me, then.” 
“What?” she said, sounding upset. “Here?” 
“Yes.” 
“Darling…it’s so big, so important, we have to tell you face to face.” 
I closed my eyes, and almost smiled. I knew what it was already. It was obvious – 
it’s been obvious for so long. 
“Just say it.” 
“We’re…getting divorced.” 
It was my Dad’s voice. It was so clear through the door. He hadn’t talked to me, 
properly, face-to-face in months, yet this is the first thing he says to me? 
I didn’t reply. 
Slowly, all my childhood memories…they faded away… 
But this is me. I survive. I can survive anything. I pick myself back up, and I move 
on. 
“Dad…can I leave school, now? I know I told you I would leave after spring term, 
but…can I leave now?” 
- 166 -

He was silent for a moment. “You know what this means, though, right?” 
“I know. I go to India.” 
=Hailey= 
“Where’s Max?” Tiffany asked, glaring at the jock who stared back at her with real 
terror. 
“I…uh…” 
“He doesn’t know,” I told Tiffany, rolling my eyes. It was so typical for her to 
stress out, like this. “Max hasn’t talked to anyone. Not after… Look, just give up, 
alright?” 
As usual, Tiffany ignored me. 
Was I meant to be regretting this? 
Did the revenge thing matter, that much? 
I pictured Alexis’s face, again. 
I had to go apologize. 
+Alexis+ 
“Miss Alexis?” 
“Leave me alone, okay?” I yelled. I’d ordered some cardboard boxes, express 
delivery, and I was piling my stuff into it. “I’m not interested!” 
“There is a girl here, Miss Alexis.” 
I froze. A girl? Who would come, and talk to me? 
“What’s her name?” I called. 
There was some mumbling. 
- 167 -

“Hailey, she says.” 
“Don’t let her come in!” I yelled, panicking. That bitch – she betrayed me, but she 
still has the guts to come here herself? I was going to kill her. 
Yet, at the same time, I wasn’t so angry… It was my fault. I was the one who slept 
with him… No one made me. I closed my eyes. 
I snapped them open again, when I heard scuffling, and some footsteps up the 
stairs. No way…was she really going to come up here?! 
My bedroom door flew open and Blondie – Hailey, I mean – burst in, followed by 
my maid. 
“Get out!” I yelled, slamming her against the wall. “Out!” 
“I’m sorry, Miss!” my maid cried, following me. “I’m sorry she got in –” 
I ignored her. 
“Can I have five minutes?” Hailey begged, her blue eyes pleading. “Just five?” 
After a second, I let go. 
“Fine. Five minutes only. You can leave, now,” I said to my maid, who bowed her 
head and left the room. 
“First of all…I’m sorry.” 
I almost laughed. That was good. Funny. 
“No, Alexis, I really am sorry. I shouldn’t have done that…not when you loved 
Max.” 
I took a deep gasp, when she’d said the word “love”. 
“That’s true, right, Alexis? You loved him.” 
“So what?” I said, my eyes streaming. “So what if I did? Why can’t I? Just because 
of the…game. I can’t play the game anymore…I can’t keep going on…” 
I started crying, pathetically. I looked down, unable to meet her eyes. It surprised 
- 168 -

me, when Hailey hugged me. 
“Don’t worry about it, Alexis. Everyone falls in love with Max. There’s something 
about him…something no one else has. It’s not your fault.” 
I looked into her eyes. 
“Max didn’t break your sister’s heart, did he? He broke yours.” 
Hailey smiled, but she just looked sad. 
“Yeah…I don’t blame him, though. He used me to get Tiffany back. He asked me, 
and I knew. It was my fault for falling for him. He was too nice to even go through 
with it is the end. I just…wanted to get even.” 
Silence filled my bedroom. 
“Do you still love him?” 
She didn’t move, she just looked at me. 
“Hailey?” 
“I’m…getting over him.” 
Yes, then. I tried to work out what to say to her. 
“I’m sorry.” 
“Don’t be.” 
“But I am.” 
She smiled, and gave me another hug. 
“Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome.” 
“Are you really leaving?” Hailey asked, holding my hands. I raised an eyebrow, 
- 169 -

and gestured at the airport. 
“Why else would I be here? The awesome shops?” 
She laughed. “You got to admit, the duty-free is pretty epic.” 
“Yeah, it is. Maybe I’ll take you shopping next time.” 
“Sure,” she said, giving me a kiss on both cheeks. “Text you later?” 
“Yeah, sure” 
Kyle followed me as I walked, pulling my bag. His eyes were still on Hailey’s back, 
as she left. 
“Kyle. Eyes to the front.” 
He looked up, just as he walked into a pillar. He rubbed his nose, as I laughed. 
“Remind me why you’re coming with me to India, again?” I asked, smiling. 
“Because that’s why my apprenticeship is. I can’t believe I had to tail you for 
about a month, just to get a crappy desk job in India…” 
“Stop moaning. I still haven’t beaten you up for ‘tailing me’ yet.” 
We were both quiet, for a while and just walked, to our departure gate. 
“Are you really going to leave Max?” he asked. I’d had the feeling that he’d 
wanted to ask that question, for a long time. 
“It’s not just about Max,” I said, avoiding having to answer. “It’s about other stuff 
as well… like my parents.” 
“Oh.” He didn’t push for any more information. 
“Can all passengers for Flight Number 907234, please make your way towards the 
gate. Your flight is departing in five minutes.” 
“Shit. That’s our flight, right?” 
“Yep.” 
- 170 -

We ran. 
Author's Note: Next chapter is the last chapter... :( I hope you've enjoyed reading 
this, as much as I've enjoyed writing it. 
I will come out with a second draft of this, just like the Kidnapper story :) 
P.S. VOMMENT!!! 
- 171 -

(Chapter 25) 
+Alexis+ 
I put in my pink headphones, and started playing some music. Kyle sat opposite 
me, in the business class chair. I could tell he was bursting to say something. I 
sighed, and pulled my headphones out. 
“Hello, Kyle,” I said, patiently. “What’s up?” 
“So you’re just going to go?” he burst out. I knew he’d wanted to say something. 
“Just like that?” 
The plane’s engine started, and I smiled. 
“Seems like it.” 
“But…what about everything? What about Max?” 
I closed my eyes. “Kyle, we’ve talked about this. I have to go. I have to start my 
life again.” 
“Why? Is it because of Max? Max will definitely forgive you, if you just say sorry.” 
“Kyle, that’s not –!” A business woman to my left glared at me, and I shot her a 
glare back. 
“Or is it because you’re afraid to face him?” Kyle continued. “Because that would 
just make you a coward, Alexis.” 
I bristled, ignoring the fact that everyone in business class seemed to be staring at 
us. “I’m not being a coward, okay? I just…can’t… This doesn’t matter anyway, Kyle, 
okay? Because right now, I’m leaving for India. It’s all over. Forget about it.” 
“What if Max did forgive you?” 
“Kyle, I –” 
“Answer me, Alexis,” he said. His eyes were very sharp, as they stared into mine. 
“Answer.” 
- 172 -

I was silent, thinking. Then I told him the truth. “I would be incredibly happy.” 
“Right,” Kyle said, leaning back into his chair, and getting his own music player 
out. He shoved headphones into his ears, and closed his eyes. 
I hit his knee, and he winced. “What the hell was that?” Kyle asked. 
“Is that it?” I demanded, suddenly angry. “Isn’t this the touching moment you 
convince me to do something, and make me go back?” 
“I thought you said it didn’t matter. I thought you’d given up.” 
“I…” He smirked. “Oh, shut up Kyle.” 
“Anyway, it’s too late. We’re taking off now, anyway,” he said, as the scenery 
started rolling past our plane window. He was right. It was over. No time for 
regrets, now. 
I lay back in my chair, staring blindly at the window of the plane as we took off. 
A couple minutes later, some angry shouting burst through the music playing in 
my headphones. I pulled them out, and the shouting became a lot louder. 
“Sir, you can’t go through there! You don’t have a pass.” 
I rolled my eyes. Some crazy commoner trying to get into business class. Typical. 
“I’m going to have to ask you to step away, sir.” 
Kyle stood up, and I frowned at him. What was he doing? 
“I’ll trade places with you, sir, if you want,” he called, through to the economy 
seats. Everyone in business class stared at him like he was crazy. 
What was he up to? I stared at him, until he disappeared through the curtain. Was 
this some kind of new bullying he was trying out, and forcing me to sit with some 
economy-class freak? 
I looked resolutely down, deciding to simply pretend I was interested in my hands 
for the rest of the flight, and kill Kyle when we get off the plane. 
From the corner of my eye, I watched the guy come in, and sit down opposite me. 
- 173 -

I tried to ignore him, and I turned up the volume. 
He leaned forwards, and plucked the wireless earbud from my eyes. 
“You –” 
I looked into his green eyes, gaping. Oh my God. Oh my God… My heart started 
fluttering, double-pace against my ribcage. 
Thu-thud. Thu-Thud. 
“Max,” I whispered. “What are you…?” 
His eyes shone as he smirked at me. 
Thu-thud. Thu-Thud. 
“What am I doing here? What do you think I’m doing here?” 
Tears came to my eyes. “Max…I’m so sorry… I should never have… but it meant 
nothing to me, I swear. Carter meant nothing to me. I don’t…I’m so sorry…” 
Suddenly, water splashed around my hair, completely drenching me straight to 
the clothes. 
I blinked, staring at Max. He clutched his open, empty water bottle in his hand, 
blinking at me. All the suited people in business class all stared at me, 
open-mouthed. 
“You…son of a –” 
He pushed a finger against my mouth, shutting me up. Max leaned down, so there 
was only an inch between our faces. 
Thu-thud. Thu-Thud. 
“Why do you always do that?” I whispered. “Why do you always do that to 
me…Always soak me with water, you…bastard?” 
“Alexis…” he whispered, his lips curling up into a sad smile. “I only wanted to 
wash away your tears…” 
- 174 -

I closed my eyes, as he wound his fingers into my hair. He was here…he was 
really here… suddenly, a floodgate opened and everything came out. 
“I’m sorry, Max…” I blurted out, tears flowing down my face, ignoring the 
gawking passengers. “I couldn’t trust you for so long. It’s just that I’ve been hurt 
before, and I couldn’t go through that again. I thought…you would hurt me. I 
thought you were a player. I didn’t know…” 
“Say it, then.” 
“Say what?” I was confused. 
“Say those three words.” 
Thu-thud. Thu-Thud. 
“Max…I –” 
“Say it, and I’ll forgive you. Say it, and I’ll let it all go.” 
Thu-thud. Thu-Thud. 
“Say it!” a teenage boy with a bad hair cut and a suit yelled. I glared at him. He 
probably thought this was like porn, or something. 
“Go on,” his Mom called, cheering. 
“Say it!” 
“I…” I said, staring uncertainly into Max’s green eyes. “I…Max…” 
Thu-thud. Thu-Thud. 
“Alexis, I’m begging you. Please say it.” 
“Max…I…lobe…you.” 
He pulled me into a hug, smiling. “We’ll work on it. But one thing, Alexis, I just 
wanted to say... I lobe you too.” 
And then he kissed me. 
- 175 -

Thu-thud. Thu-Thud. Thud-thud-thud-thud… 
“So where does this plane go?” 
“New Delhi.” 
“Sure. Fun.” 
Thu-thud. Thu-Thud. 
*** 
Author's Note: THE LAST PART!!!! :( But I am uploading my new story later 
tonight XxX 
VOMMENT!!!! 
My official Author's Note is next page... 
- 176 -

Author's Note 
Wow, the end of my second book! Whoa... There's always such a proud feeling, 
when you finish a book... I feel like my baby has been born. Minus all the gross 
things that happen at childbirth. Like the blood. I hate blood. 
Anyway, I hope you've enjoyed this book as much as I've enjoyed writing it. 
A sequel about these characters will never happen. I'm sorry, but I want to start 
afresh with a new book, new characters, new plots. 
THANKS FOR READING!!! I LOVE YOU!!! 
- 177 -

Epilogue 
This was written by Catherine Stanesby. I think it is pretty amazing, and it's the 
perfect ending!! Well done, Catherine. It was so hard to choose, because their were 
so many amazing entries from, including ones from folgates, xMixim, 
megamarie121, Nerdelicous, xoReadWriteLovexo. They were all amazing, guys, and 
I've read them all! 
Everyone, check them out! They are all epical writers, and I'm sure the rest of 
their works are just as good as the enties I was sent :P 
But this was sent by Catherine Stanesby. She didn't have a Wattpad account, so it 
was sent to me via email. Catherine is aged 14, and lives in England. Catherine, 
congratulations! 
Max wound his strong arms around my bare waist. In unison, we both let out a 
sigh on content. This was the type of moment I wanted to keep forever. The soft 
sunlight warming the skin that wasn’t covered by silk, the slightly diluted smell of 
rose petals in the air, Max’s warm, strong body holding mine, making me feel like I 
was protected from anything the world could throw at me. 
I smiled, wiggling around to face Max. He was still half-asleep, his eyes moving 
underneath his eyelids as he mouthed silent words. His hot breath brushed over my 
skin. Slowly, I reached to his face, brushing a stray strand of hair away. My fingers 
lingered over the smooth skin of his cheek, tracing his prominent cheekbones. My 
index finger brushed against his smooth lips, my engagement ring shining red and 
orange as the bronze shades of sunlight fell across it. 
It was nothing special. A simple, circular, regular-sized diamond, set into a ring of 
silver. It was not the extravagant ordeal I’d always imagined my ring to be. But it 
was something Max had given me, and that made it more special than any other ring 
in the world. 
Suddenly, his hand darted out, grabbing my wrist, stopping my gentle grazing 
movement. I stopped moving and stayed as still as a statue. With his eyes still 
closed, he whispered, “What are you doing?” 
Even after three years, his deep voice never failed to make me tingle. 
- 178 -

“Watching you sleep,” I replied, caressing his face with my other hand. 
The most beautiful smile appeared on his lips. I just looked at his face, completely 
dazed, half-glad that his eyes were closed, even if it meant he was obscuring his 
deep green eyes that spoke his soul. 
“The groom is not meant to see the bride before the wedding,” he said, his smile 
growing wider as he talked. “It’s bad luck.” 
“Then don’t open your eyes,” I said, pulling my wrist free and using it to hide his 
eyes, feeling his long lashes against my palm. “I’m only here for a while. I’m leaving 
soon.” 
“Oh,” he said, trying to hide the dismay in his face. I laughed. 
“Don’t sound so disappointed. We still have the honeymoon.” 
“Well, there is that.” 
Three years hadn’t changed the spark we had since we first met. Nothing would 
ever change, even if we both go to University and are planning separate careers. 
We’d always be like this – Alexis and Max – forever. 
I leaned in, enjoying the scent of his pheromones, the ones that had driven me 
crazy since that first encounter. 
“See you at the altar?” I muttered. His breathing sped up and I smirked. I still had 
that power over him. 
“I’ll be there.” 
I pressed my lips against his, gently, a spark of electricity alighting our lips. I 
pulled away again, our breaths mingling in the air. 
“Bye, Max.” 
“Lobe you.” 
“I lobe you, too.” 
- 179 -

The wedding march started. I smoothed down the silk of my wedding dress, 
playing with the bodice. My heart pounded almost doubly as fast as the music, and I 
hoped I wouldn’t have a heart attack before I got Max to say the words “I do”. 
That made it sound like Max wasn’t willing to get married. On the contrary, he 
was totally willing. Despite his so-called “reputation”, he was definitely willing to 
commit. He’d planned families, and children, and suburban detached housing in the 
school area before I could even say the word “over-whelmed”. But he’d finally won 
me around, and even got me to imagine the happy little scene in my head – two kids, 
a boy and a girl, and a dog, all of us lying on a big King-sized bed, while he read us 
the newspaper. Before, this scene would’ve made me puke. Now, I kind of wanted it 
too, but I couldn’t imagine doing it with anyone else, apart from Max. 
The doors opened, and the music suddenly magnified. I couldn’t see from my 
vantage point, but I guessed that this was the moment and Tom walked through. I 
could just picture Max right now, standing patiently at the altar, waiting for me to 
arrive. I fought back the urge to bite my lip. I didn’t want Max to lift the veil, and 
find a mauled face with bitten lips. I double-checked in a mirror that had been 
helpfully placed next to me. I looked good. My hair was glossy and smooth, and 
arranged into an intricate halo on the top of my head. I lifted the veil awkwardly, to 
check my face, shifting the flowers in my hands. I looked good, at least. Max 
wouldn’t be disappointed. 
From the rehearsal, I knew that the groomsmen – Tom, Kyle and a bunch of other 
guys who’d told me there names, but I’d never bothered to remember – were meant 
to walk in. My heart was racing now, and butterflies flitted around in my stomach. I 
closed my eyes, resting my heavy lashes. 
No backing out now, Alexis. You’re going to tie the knot. Get hitched. Unite, and 
become one. There’s no backing out. 
The bridesmaids must be filtering in right now. They were two girls I’d picked out 
from my University class –Londonand Samantha, I think their names were. They 
were both escorted by there dates – Samantha by a muscled, grunting 
football-player,Londonby Jack, who was apparently famous. I’d never heard of him, 
though by the “ooh”s and “aah”s of the audience, they had. 
The two ringbearers walked on. They were cute little cousins of Max’s, and they 
were totally adorable. The sound effects the audience were making clearly meant 
they agreed with me. After them, it was Hailey, my maid of honor. I knew her dress 
of choice was a slutty little number, slit to the belly-button, but who was I to oppose? 
- 180 -

She was accompanied by her date, a cute guy who wore smart glasses. He really 
didn’t seem like her type. Hailey seemed happy with him, though, and that’s all that 
mattered. 
The music changed. 
Suddenly, my face split into a smile. This was the moment. This was the first day 
of the rest of my life with Max. How could I have ever dreaded this? 
But the only worry I’d had about this was my Father. Traditionally, he was meant 
to walk me down the aisle, but there had been an issue with his schedule. I didn’t 
know if he was going to turn up. 
Suddenly, someone appeared at my side. I turned around, my eyes alight. 
“Dad –” I stopped. 
“No, sorry,” my brother said. “It’s just me.” 
I couldn’t help the sudden spasm of disappointment. It was my stupid wedding 
day, how could my Dad not turn up for this? 
“Dad says he’s sorry,” Jake mumbled, as I took his arm. “He had a meeting.” 
“I’m sure he did.” We didn’t look at each other. I wasn’t mad at him, but my chest 
definitely hurt. It was my wedding day! How could he have not come? 
We walked forward together, stopping just outside the door. 
“How’ve you been?” I asked. 
“Fine. I’ve fallen in love.” 
“Well done.” 
The doors opened, and suddenly we were exposed to the whole church. I looked 
down the aisle, and met Max’s eyes. I stood, frozen. He looked so perfect. His hair 
was perfectly styled, his lips pulled up into a breath-taking smile, his sharp green 
eyes boring into my soul. His smart black suit made him look unbelievably suave – 
every girl’s dream. 
Slowly, my music started. Here comes the bride. 
- 181 -

I could smile as stupidly as I wanted under this veil, and I took advantage of that. 
My eyes never left his and I, accompanied by Jake, strolled down the aisle, matching 
our steps to the rhythm. 
This was nowhere near perfect, but close enough. 
The aisle was surprisingly long. I was close enough now to see the headphones 
peeking out from Max’s top pocket, instead of the usual handkerchief. My heart 
thumped, and I found myself grinning. He’d remembered. I had the headphones he’d 
given me tucked into my corset. 
Jake’s hand left mine, as I stepped up the altar. Max’s eyes ravished my dress, 
enjoying what he saw. If we were alone, I would’ve hit him, even if I was having 
trouble keeping my hands off him as well. But we weren’t. We were about to get 
married, right here, right now, in front of everyone. 
Tearing my eyes away from Max’s, I looked through the audience, seeing faces of 
families and friends – all people I’d at one point hated, but made up with. After all, 
we were all in life together. They were the people who made me, me. I smiled at 
Kyle and Tom, who both smiled back in unison. They’d both been really great to me, 
even after everything. I would always be their friend. My Dad was not here – the 
only cloud in the perfect day. 
Finally, my eyes strayed back to Max. When I looked into his eyes, I saw the 
future. I saw our future together – every part of it. His eyes contained so many 
secrets that terrified me as much as it thrilled me. I loved him more than I’d loved 
anything else in the whole world. 
I studied the handsome planes of his angular face, his high cheekbones accented 
by this wide eyes. His curved red lips, always ready to either smirk or kiss. Max may 
not be perfect, but he was to me. 
And he was mine. 
“Dearly beloved,” the priest began, a benevolent smile on his face, “we are 
gathered here today…” 
- 182 -

