url: https://www.wattpad.com/story/24021854-the-girl-he-never-noticed
title: The Girl He Never Noticed
author: sweetdreamer33
First published: Sep 28, 2014
status: Completed
description: Meet Jade. 
The girl who wore a black wig, black-rimmed big eyeglasses and braces. She was dressed in her worn-out knitted coat and shapeless vintage clothes. Everyone thought that she was a weirdo, a nerd or a girl resurrected from the past. She was used to be the laughing stock of everyone.

But who was really Jade Collins? Why did she hide her real outer beauty? What happened when her boss, the great Eros Petrakis, finally noticed her? Could she tame the beast inside him?

Meet Eros. 
The man who had everything in life. Devilishly handsome, very powerful, brilliant, extremely rich, and had a body that women loved to worship. But, despite all that positive attributes, he was also very ruthless, tyrant, cold and heartless.  He was his colleagues' and enemies' worst nightmare. They thought his name was another four-letter word of EVIL. He never smiled; never said 'please' and never apologized for his mistakes. His employees feared him most. He fired them in just a snap of his fingers.

What made him finally noticed Jade? How would he react when he sees the beautiful woman behind the big black wig and dark-rimmed eyeglasses?

Enjoy reading the story of Eros and Jade in 'THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED.' Join them in their journey in facing their trials in life, overcoming the shadows of their pasts, and finally finding love and happiness.

Be inspired in their story. Laugh, Cry, Giggle and Feel in Love with them.

The Girl He Never Noticed by Neilani Alejandrino (Sweetdreamer33)
Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.


The Girl He Never Noticed

THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED 
                          by: Neilani Alejandrino (sweetdreamer33)
                          Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
                          
                          
                          REMINDER:
                          1.)    I DO NOT ALLOW TRANSLATIONS of this story in any language or dialect, even the credits are all mine. 
                          2.)   DO NOT COPY THIS STORY AND DO NOT POST THIS IN ANY WEBSITE. 
                          3.)   This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, locations, and incidents are products of the author's imagination, or have been used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, locales, or events is entirely coincidental.
                          4.)   The UPLOADING, SCANNING, and DISTRIBUTION of this book in any form or by any means – including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise -  without the permission of the author is ILLEGAL AND PUNISHABLE BY LAW. Your support of the author's rights is appreciated.
                          5.) Please let me know immediately if you know anyone copying this story or posting it in any website.
                          
                          
                          The Girl He Never Noticed
                          Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
                          Copying, translating, uploading, scanning and distribution of this book is illegal and punishable by law. You could be sued for copyright infringement. The legal penalties for copyright infringement are: Infringer pays the actual amount of damages and profits. Infringer also pays for all attorneys fees and court costs.
                          
                          
                          
                          PUBLISHED under New Adult POP FICTION Summit Media Publishing Company. 
                          Available nationwide in bookstores, convenience stores and online via www.summitnewsstand.com.ph/pop-piction . P195, ENGLISH.
                          Digital copies available for download via Buqo app.
                          Grab your copy now!
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          REMINDER:
                          1.)    I DO NOT ALLOW TRANSLATIONS of this story in any language or dialect, even the credits are all mine. 
                          2.)   DO NOT COPY THIS STORY AND DO NOT POST THIS IN ANY WEBSITE. 
                          3.)   This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, locations, and incidents are products of the author's imagination, or have been used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, locales, or events is entirely coincidental.
                          4.)   The UPLOADING, SCANNING, and DISTRIBUTION of this book in any form or by any means – including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise -  without the permission of the author is ILLEGAL AND PUNISHABLE BY LAW. Your support of the author's rights is appreciated.
                          5.) Please let me know immediately if you know anyone copying this story or posting it in any website.
                          
                          
                          
                          THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED 
                          Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
                          By:  Neilani alejandrino a.k.a. sweetdreamer33
                          Started on Wattpad: October 2, 2014
                          
                          
                          THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED
                          By: sweetdreamer33
                           Meet Jade.
                          The girl who wore a black wig, black-rimmed big eyeglasses, braces and old-fashioned clothes. Everyone thought that she was a weirdo, a nerd or a girl resurrected from the past. She was used to be the laughing stock of everyone.
                          But who was really Jade Collins? Why did she hide her real outer beauty? What happened when her boss, the great Eros Petrakis, finally noticed her? Could she tame the beast inside him?
                          
                          Meet Eros.
                          The man who had everything in life. Devilishly handsome, very powerful, brilliant, extremely rich, and had a body that women loved to worship. But, despite all that positive attributes, he was also very ruthless, tyrant, cold and heartless.  He was his colleagues' and enemies' worst nightmare. They thought his name was another four-letter word of EVIL. He never smiled; never said 'please' and never apologized for his mistakes. His employees feared him most. He fired them in just a snap of his fingers.
                          What made him finally noticed Jade? How would he react when he sees the woman behind the big black wig and dark-rimmed eyeglasses?
                          
                          Enjoy reading the story of Eros and Jade in 'THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED.' Join them in their journey in facing their trials in life, overcoming the shadows of their pasts, and finally finding love and happiness.
                           Be inspired in their story. Laugh, Cry, Giggle and Feel in Love with them.
                          
                           Here's a quote that captivated my attention from Pinterest, I just want to share this to you all:
                           "I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting." --- Marc Jacobs
                          Well, I'm not saying that Jade is odd. But I would love a man who will love a girl not because of her outer beauty, but because of her heart -- her inner beauty. 
                          
                          Follow me on:
                          Facebook Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/sweetdreamer33WP
                          Facebook Fan Group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1534679820136359/
                          Tumblr:  http://sweetdreamer33.tumblr.com/
                          Instagram:  sweetdreamer33_xoxo
                          Twitter:  https://twitter.com/sweetdreamer33_
                          Snapchat: sweetdreamer33
                          
                          
                          My WATTPAD stories:
                          MY POSSESSIVE BILLIONAIRE (Published under SUMMIT MEDIA PUBLISHING COMPANY)
                          LUCAS' REVENGE 
                          EXCLUSIVELY MINE
                          CATCH ME
                          THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED (Published under Summit Media Publishing Company)
                          THE GIRL HE EVER NOTICED (Sequel of TGHNN)
                          TAMING THE BITCH
                          RUNAWAY FIANCÉE
                          THE SINS OF THE PAST

Chapter One

CHAPTER ONE (unedited) 
                          - kindly put your playlist here -
                          "The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair. The beauty of a woman is seen in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. True beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It's the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows & the beauty of a woman only grows with passing years." --- Audrey Hepburn
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "Good morning, Mrs. Chang. Did you sleep well last night?" I greeted my employer happily, Mrs. Grace Chang, a 65 year-old widow. I was concerned because she often had severe headaches and couldn't sleep well at night.
                          Mrs. Chang owned the small Coffee shop, in Manhattan, New York, where I got my family's bread and butter. I worked from eight a.m. till eight p.m. Monday to Friday as a cashier.
                          The place was understaff, so I often worked all around. I did the waitressing, coffee preparation, and sometimes cleaning the place after work. I couldn't complain, since Mrs. Chang was paying me well. Actually, not so well, but enough for my family to eat a decent meal every day and pay off the bills.
                          "Hi Jade, yes, I did. The pain reliever I took last night finally worked." She smiled adoringly at me.
                          "That's good. What did the doctor say?" I asked while putting my worn-out leather bag and old knitted coat inside a closet, and then I adjusted my black wig and took off my eyeglasses, to clean the lenses.
                          "It's just a migraine, nothing serious."
                          I was relieved that finally she listened to me. I told her several times to seek medical attention, but she wouldn't. She had a phobia of hospitals, medical clinics, syringes and doctors. She probably had a traumatic experience when she was a kid.
                          "George's wife had a normal delivery last night."
                          "Really? I'm so happy for them, after five years of trying, they finally have a baby. It's a girl, right?" I instantly became so excited for George, the barista.
                          "Yes, it is. Anyway, he can't report today. Could you fill in his place?"
                          OH. That would mean doing two jobs at the same time. Whew!
                          "Okay, no problem about that Mrs. Chang. I can manage." I smiled at her assuredly and fixed my crumpled brown floral vintage dress. Actually, it was my favorite dress and loved wearing it often. It belonged to my grandmother, as well as most of the dresses in my closet.
                          It was already eight o'clock, and time for the Coffee Shop to open. I wondered why the other employees, Suzanne and Kurt hadn't arrived yet. Suzanne was the waitress, who took the order and served the food. Kurt cleaned the tables, the floor and the bathroom.
                          Recently, I found out that Suzanne and Kurt were lovers. I caught them making out inside the bathroom. They forgot to lock the door.
                          "You retard! Don't tell Mrs. Chang about this or I'm going to break your bones." Kurt threatened me. He even twisted my arm behind my back. A tear suddenly fell on my cheek because of the burning pain.
                          "I won't, I promise. Let me go, please." I pleaded and finally he let go of my arm.
                          "Good. Remember that." His eyes were glaring at me angrily.
                          I rubbed my arm, it was so sore and my flesh turned red.
                          "Now, go, ugly monkey. You're not wanted here." Suzanne laughed and pushed me out of the bathroom.


Yup, they often bullied me, calling me names and I was used to it. I pretended not to hear their hurtful words. I just avoided messing up with them. I needed my job so badly and my family relied on me, besides Mrs. Chang was a good employer.
                          "Jade, I'll be in the kitchen. Just call me if you need help."
                          "Sure Mrs. Chang." I put on a black apron, getting ready for the first customer. I went inside the bar counter and turned on, the electronic cash register, as well as the coffee machines.
                          I learned how to prepare coffee from George, the barista. For almost a year that I'd been working in the coffee shop, he taught me how to do the coffee art works and the techniques in preparing a very good espresso. I learned the barista's complete guide to coffee and embraced the knowledge wholeheartedly.
                          I was cleaning the bar counter when the first customers came inside. Two men wearing black suit and dark glasses entered the coffee shop. They reminded me of the movie, 'Men in Black.'
                          I looked at the tall-clad figure of the man who came in first. He was younger than the other man. He halted at the front door and his eyes scanned the room. He stood there, tall, devilishly handsome, with a beautifully proportioned body.
                          I froze. My mind stopped working and my body turned numb. Something about his appearance disturbed me. He looked vaguely familiar.
                          Is he a movie star, a model or a celebrity? He was probably into sports, because of his athletic physique.
                          His dark glasses hid his eyes. It was impossible to find out where his eyes were focusing on. But I was certain that he was not looking at me. He carried himself with a commanding air of self confidence. He looked very powerful and extremely rich.
                          He said something to the other man, and then they strode in the room. They took their seats in the center of the room.
                          I grabbed a pen and the order slip pad. I hurriedly went towards them to take their order.
                          "Good morning, what's your order, sir?" I stood in front of the two men and smiled at them. I wrote C#1, shortcut for customer number one in the order slip.
                          "Good morning. Can we have a cup of espresso and a café latte?" The older man removed his dark glasses and smiled at me. He was probably in his mid forties.
                          My hands were trembling when I wrote their order. I didn't know why, perhaps because of the younger man's appearance. He looked like a very important man. His face was bronzed by wind and sun. The set of his chin suggested a stubborn streak and his lips were firm and sensual.
                          He made me so edgy and nervous as hell, and he didn't even seem to notice me. He was very busy talking on the phone. I couldn't help listening to his voice. It was so deep, with velvet-edge and strong.
                          "Is there anything else, sir?" My eyes shifted from one man to another.
                          "That's all, Miss." The older man replied, then nodding at me, a sign of dismissal.
                          I served their coffee within five minutes. I stared at the younger man again. He seemed really familiar. I was sure I'd seen him before. I wished he would take off his dark glasses so I could see his eyes, and figured out where I saw him. Then I noticed, he drank his coffee. The cup of espresso was his.
                          A few customers came in. I became so busy taking their orders and prepared their coffee. But I couldn't help glancing at the two men sitting in the center of the room, from time to time. I tried to ignore them and focused on my job.
                          After a while, I saw two girls approached the two men. The girls were giggling flirtatiously at them. The younger man looked at them and said something that made the faces of the girls turned sour. He probably said something very insulting, since the girls immediately went out of the coffee shop with stony faces. Well, he was rude.


The men left without asking for their bill. I went to the table, they earlier occupied and saw a one hundred dollar bill under the espresso cup.
                          What! A hundred dollar bill? I couldn't believe it. I was over the moon! They left too much tip for the coffee.
                          Later that morning, Suzanne and Kurt called simultaneously that they were sick. So, I was with Mrs. Chang in the coffee shop the whole day. She took my place on the cash register. I did the rest of the job. I tried to serve the customers so fast, so they would stop complaining about the slow service.
                          Before I went home, I mopped the floor and scrubbed the bathroom. I was so tired, but I didn't have a choice.
                          It was already eight thirty when I left the coffee shop. I took a bus to the South Bronx, where my family rented a small one-bedroom apartment. The moment I was seated in the bus, I ate the burger that I grabbed near the bus stop. After eating, I took a power nap.
                          "Guess what Mom. I got a very big tip today. Two rich-looking men left a hundred dollar bill for their coffee."
                          "What? That's too much." My mother, Ruby Collins narrowed her eyes.
                          "Yeah, I couldn't believe it. I told Mrs. Chang that we could split the tip, but she said that it was all mine."
                          "Awe... she's so sweet."
                          "Yeah, very sweet. I'm lucky to have her as my employer." I took my wig off and pulled the rubber band that held my hair in a bun. My long silky red hair instantly cascaded down to my waist. I took a hairbrush and combed my hair, until it shone.
                          "How's baby Hannah?" I asked about our neighbor's baby. Mom worked as a babysitter for almost a year now.
                          "She's still very adorable, but getting heavier. I don't think I can handle her anymore." Mom rubbed her chest. She had a mild coronary heart disease. It started six months ago. She was advised by her physician not to do strenuous activities.
                          "Then stop babysitting. I don't really want you to work. You are risking your health. Don't worry, I have a job. I'll work during weekends too, to have an extra money. We can manage."
                          "You're working too hard for us, Jade. I'm so sorry for being a burden to you."
                          "Mom, please don't say that again. I love you and I'll take care of you and Sapphire. I promised dad that I will." I hugged my mom, with moisture in my eyes.
                          Dad died of stage four lung cancer two years ago. I was eighteen at that time. He got it when he worked in an asbestos manufacturing company. A year before he died was the most traumatic year in our lives. We fought for his life. We lost our little savings and our cottage, just to keep up the medical expenses. It was like a nightmare, seeing dad's health deteriorated. He was a good man without vices, God-fearing, jolly person, and full of vitality, a very loving husband and caring father to us. I couldn't help but wondered why the good and godly people passed away earlier than their time.
                          The day when we finally lost dad, our world collapsed. We were so dependent on him. We looked up on him and solely relied on him financially.
                          "What's wrong?" My sister Sapphire went out of the bedroom. She shrieked with panic seeing me and mom hugging. She thought something bad happened again.
                          "Nothing really. We just want to hug each other. We miss dad." I smiled at my fifteen-year old sister, showing my braced teeth.
                          "Oh! I thought something bad happened. Anyway, Jade, I have news for you."
                          "What is it?"
                          "I was chatting with Joseph an hour ago."
                          "Joseph?"
                          "Yup, your one and only love!"
                          "What?"
                          "He asked for your Facebook account, and I told him you didn't have any social media accounts anymore. Then he asked for your phone number."
                          "Did you give it to him?"
                          "No! You said not to give your number to anyone, right?"
                          "Right."
                          "But he gave me his number. He asked you to call him, anytime. He'll be waiting."
                          I heaved a sigh. Joseph.
                          It had been two years since I last saw him. I totally cut our communication.
                          No. I can't face him anymore. I'm not the same girl that he used to know. I'm different, totally different now. The old Jade was gone, dead and buried. 
                          A flash of wild grief ripped inside me.
                          
                          --- Eros' POV next --->>>
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE.*****

Chapter Two

CHAPTER TWO
                          --- Pls. put your playlist here ---
                          "You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not."  ― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper
                          Eros' POV
                          "Hi. Um... I'm Gretchen." The girl who wore black miniskirt and gray shirt with a plunging neckline giggled. Her eyes were flirtatious, batting her thick false eyelashes at me.
                          "I'm Summer." The other girl flashed her even white teeth. Her bright red lipstick made her lips popped out.
                          "Yes?" Donovan frowned, asking the girls what they wanted.
                          "Um... would you mind, if we join you?"
                          Donovan looked around, checking for a vacant table. He cleared his throat and smiled at them. "There are still a lot of vacant tables around."
                          Both girls flushed and then giggled, eyeing at me.
                          "Actually, um... we just want to introduce ourselves." The girl called Summer, swayed her hips and bent a little to flaunt her cup DD breast size.
                          "Ok. I'm Bond. James Bond." I heard Donovan introduce himself. I was amused, my eyebrows rose at him. I was still on the phone, giving instructions to my executive secretary.
                          The two girls lifted their eyebrows, and then shrugged their shoulders.
                          "Um... what's his name?" One girl pointed her forefinger at me.
                          "Stark. Tony Stark."
                          I almost choked on my coffee when I heard him say Iron Man's name.
                          "Your're kidding, right? He couldn't be Iron man."
                          "Whatever." The girl with a red lipstick looked at me with puppy eyes.
                          "Um... we're wondering if you could hang out with us later. Go to the mall, watch a movie, and then go to a bar or something."
                          "We're very busy, girls. We have a lot of work to do. We don't have the time for that." I heard Donovan rejected their offer lightly.
                          "Ohh.... That's so boring."
                          "Ya, and very lame excuse. I'm sure, your boss wouldn't mind." The other girl stomped her feet childishly.
                          I had enough with them. I turned off my phone and faced the girl who stomped her feet. "Awww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand. I bet the smartest thing that have ever come out of your mouth was a pe*is."
                          The girls glared at me and then looked at each other's eyes. It took them a while to register that I insulted them. With furious eyes, they stormed out of the coffee shop.
                          Donovan Grant, who was more than just my personal driver and bodyguard, drove my Bugatti Veyron this morning. I had a hangover. I drank too much alcohol last night. I attended a friend's birthday party. The crowd was full of socialites and celebrities. It was rather wild. Damn it! I even brought a girl in my apartment. Not just any girl, but the famous model, Kendra Packer.
                          I usually dated a girl thrice before bringing her in my apartment. But last night, when Kendra Packer was introduced to me, she wouldn't leave my side. She was clutching my arm all the time. I didn't have a reason to complain, because she was smoking' hot and gorgeous. Every man in the party wanted her. And she knew her prowess to attract every single man that was why she was very confident that she could have me.
                          She was marvelous in bed, an expert in every position. I was shocked how she often brought me to the edge of ecstasy. She knew how to turn a man on, the pleasure points that drove a man crazy. Damn! How did she learn all of that?


"To the office Sir?" Donovan's voice brought me back to the present.
                          "Yup." I leaned back on the passenger seat, feeling lightheaded.
                          Hmm, that was a delicious espresso, in fact, the most delicious espresso that I've ever tasted. 
                          I spotted the coffee shop earlier on our way to the office when I had a sudden urge to drink another cup of coffee. I blamed my hangover for it, it was killing me. My head throbbed and I had red blood shot eyes.
                          "We'll drop by again in that coffee shop tomorrow."
                          "Yes Sir." I saw Donovan smile through my peripheral vision. I bet he enjoyed his coffee too.
                          Donovan was in his early forties, once a kickboxing champion and undergone Executive Protection and Bodyguard Training. He was more than just my driver-bodyguard. Their family had been working in our mansion, ever since. He was often hanging out with me when I was a kid, and he was a teenager at that time. We got along very well. I treated him like my older brother.
                          Aside from my best friend, Iñigo Monteiro, Donovan knew the real me. Sometimes, more than my family did. He was the first one to know that I was bullied in school when I was in 4th grade. The other kids bullied me because I was the richest kid in school, the heir of a multi-billion company, properties and assets. Besides, I looked like a walking stick before, so tall and thin.
                          Donovan often saw me cry in our house's basement. I became miserable and didn't want to go to school because of the bullying. I even started hating my family and myself for being born rich.
                          One Saturday afternoon, when my parents had their vacation in Hawaii, Donovan taught me kickboxing. He showed me how to kick, punch and practice self-defense. I started enjoying the sport a lot. I was so determined to learn and master the sport. Eventually, it helped me to become strong and gained weight. Since then, he had given me intensive training every weekend, and most oftentimes with my best friend, Iñigo.
                          I started gaining confidence in school. I knew I could beat every boy in my class. Some of them still bullied me, but I promised to Donovan not to use what I learned in kickboxing, unless someone started it for me. But when the leader of the group, Dexter, who often bullied me kicked my ass so hard, I lost my patience. I immediately grabbed his shirt and punched his face so hard. He was instantly knocked down and scrambling up from the ground. He attempted to punch me back, but I was so quick in kicking his face. His mouth bled and his nose was broken.
                          Since that day, the bullying stopped. Everyone feared of crossing with me. They were scared of making me angry. But, on that day, I was brought to the principal's office, as well as my parents. My classmates testified that I was often bullied by Dexter, so, in the end, I got our principal's sympathy, and forgave me for what I did.
                          When I became a teenager, Donovan was with me when I fought to become stupidly independent. He saw me getting so drunk in the bar with my friends, tried a drug, did meaningless sex with someone, going to strip clubs, etc. He still saw me getting vulnerable sometimes. He knew every time I messed up and helped me get out of such mess.
                          As I grew up, he taught me a lot of things. Things that would make my family freak out. He taught me what he learned in Bodyguard and Security Training School. I mastered assembling different types of rifles and weapon tactics, assembling and dismantling bombs, etc. He was my partner in crime, my buddy and my friend. We raced cars and motorbike in maximum speed. We did dangerous sports, like volcano bungee jumping, Heli-skiing, high wave surfing, mysterious cave diving, etc. We were both the same, adventurous and fearless.
                          But, the Eros my family and relatives knew was a very different guy. They thought of me as brilliant, goal-oriented, confident, powerful, tough and not capable of doing silly things, the perfect man. They had a high regard of me, just like they did, with my ancestors, who were known as great men in their times.
                          Ever since I was born, they molded me to become a great man because I would rule the Petrakis fortune someday. I had the best tutor in academics and language. Aside from English, I learned to speak Greek, Portuguese, Spanish, French, Hindi, Filipino and Mandarin Chinese.
                          I graduated in Business Administration at Harvard University two years ago, at the age of twenty two. Since then, I had devoted my time in running our family business, the Petrakis International Holding Corporation, a multi-billion world shipping company. Just recently, I took my place as the Executive Vice President of our company.
                          I knew, some of my colleagues and employees believed the worst in me. Why? It was because I expected perfection from them, to be very skillful, efficient, excellent and productive in their jobs. They just didn't realize that I was doing this for their own good.
                          Our world was full of competitions. There were many hungry sharks businessmen out there, aiming to bring our organization down. They would even trade their souls just to see us crawling on the ground.
                          Never.
                          I wouldn't let our company fail. We have thousands of employees all over the globe who relied on us. They would starve, including their families if the organization suffered bankruptcy. No yearly increase in their salaries, no bonuses, no incentives and so on. I swore no one could ever bring us down.
                          The moment we arrived at the office building, the security guards greeted me. I nodded at them and went directly to the lobby, where my private elevator was. Many employees were there, some just arrived and the others waited for the elevator to open. The crowded and noisy area suddenly became solemn when I entered, like you were walking inside an empty church. The silence was deafening that you could hear a drop of coin on the floor. Each employee stood frozen on their feet. Their eyes riveted on me. Fear and anxiety were visible on their faces.
                          "Good morning, Mr. Petrakis."
                          "Good morning, Sir."
                          "Have a nice day, Sir."
                          Everyone greeted me. As usual, I just nodded my head and went directly to the elevator. This was an everyday scenario in the lobby and I was already used to it.
                          I stepped out of the elevator and walked towards my office. Donovan was following behind me.
                          A girl with black miniskirt, red blouse with a very plunging neckline and too bright red lipstick smiled at me.
                          "Good morning, Mr. Petrakis. I'm Viviene West, your new personal assistant." She was batting her thick false eyelashes at me.
                          I looked at her, and then snapped my fingers. I immediately went inside my office.
                          "Miss West, you've just been fired." I heard Donovan said.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to Vote, Comment and Share to your friends***

Chapter Three

 Chapter Three
                          -Kindly put your playlist here-
                          "There are no rules when it comes to love. I just try to let love surprise me because you never know who you're going to fall in love with. You never know who's going to come into your life – and for me, when I picture the person I want to end up with, I don't think about what their career is, or what they look like. I picture the feeling I get when I'm with them."  ― Taylor Swift
                          Jade's POV
                          "Wait! Please wait!" I shouted at the top of my lungs and ran towards the bus stop. But the bus driver didn't hear me, and closed the door.
                          "No!" Panting, trembling, breathless, I groaned with disappointment. The bus left, when I was just a few steps away from the bus stop. Now, I had to wait for another ten to fifteen minutes for the next bus. I would be late for work, which never ever happened before. I felt so tired last night that I overslept. I was so stupid, I forgot to set the alarm clock.
                          I dug out my phone in my bag to text Mrs. Chang that I would be late. I was scrolling my phone's contacts when I came across Joseph's number. I stored his number last night, despite having no intention of calling him.
                          Joseph Nevin was our neighbor in New Jersey. Blond, cute with dimples, tall and lean. He looked like the young Brad Pitt. Aside from his good looks, he was also smart, very humble, God-fearing and very compassionate.
                          For me, he was the kindest man I'd ever met. All the qualities that I wanted in a guy, he had it all. He was Perfect. My Prince Charming, Knight in Shining Armor, Dream Boy and my Mr. Right.
                          I grew up having him as my best friend, my adviser, my protector and.... My boyfriend, well, he didn't know that, but in my mind, he was. We even got married in my dreams and lived happily ever-after, in a castle, surrounded with infinite love, peace and happiness.
                          Yeah, I was crazy, so crazy in love. I loved him for years and I was determined to have him as my boyfriend, and eventually, my future husband. I wanted him to be my first in everything: first kiss, first love, first boyfriend and my first sexual encounter.
                          But Joseph thought of me as his little sister, who used to tag along behind him, wherever he went. He was an only child, and having me with him always, made him feel like an older brother. That's what he said all the time, maybe because of our five year age gap. But I wished we wouldn't remain in sibling zone, forever.
                          The last time we saw each other, was not worth reminiscing. It was very humiliating, on my part. It happened two years ago, I was eighteen and just graduated high school. Dad's health condition was getting worse at that time and his body didn't respond to the medical treatment anymore. We lost everything, our car, savings, including our house. We were just fortunate that the new house owner allowed us to stay for two weeks to find a new place to settle down. I was so miserable, but I was trying to be strong, for my family, especially for Dad. I wanted him to fight for his life and not to lose hope.
                          Joseph was there to comfort me. He taught me how to be strong,  to be brave and trust everything to God. Since he was, a nurse, he explained to me the nature of dad's disease, the symptoms, the disease process, medical procedure performed, the medications, and everything that I didn't understand.
                          We were sitting on the couch, talking, mostly about dad. His arms were around me and his fingers ran through the silkiness of my ginger hair. He loved my hair and never failed to touch it every time we were together. That's why, 'Ginger' had always been his pet name for me.
                          I settled in his warm embrace and rested my head on his chest. It felt like coming home, every time, I was in his arms. I listened to his heart, it pounded evenly, in a normal rhythm, like music. But mine was hammering wildly. I smelled his manly scent, hmm, so divine. Then,  I touched his strong arms and feasted my eyes on his attractive face. Everything about him enthralled me and drugging my senses. The tingling in the pit of my stomach wouldn't stop whenever I was with him.


I held his eyes, studying his expressions. I was looking for some clues and signs on what he really felt for me. If he developed a special interest in me, he had no intention of showing it.
                          He noticed me, staring at him. He pulled his eyebrows together in a crease and held my eyes. I smiled at him, then his face lit up. He gave me his usual tender smile that melted my heart and turned my limbs to jellies.
                          "That's my girl. Smile. Don't worry, everything will turn out right. God wouldn't give us problems that we couldn't handle." He caressed my arm, up and down, made me shiver with excitement.
                          I shifted my position, and loomed over him. I held his face with my hands, feeling the roughness of his stubbles.
                          "I thank God, he gave me you. I couldn't possibly live without you now, Joseph."  I slowly bent down my head and kissed his lips.
                          Joseph was caught off guard. With an almost angry gesture, he gently pushed me away. "Ginger, what do you think you're doing? You're too young for that."
                          I looked down, feeling so embarrassed. "Why? You don't like it?"
                          His expression suddenly changed and varied conflicting emotions played on his face. "There's plenty of time for that. Don't be in a hurry to grow up."
                          I felt rejected. Why was he doing this to us? I knew he loved me. I saw it in his eyes every time he looked at me. Why was he so evasive? Why couldn't he declare his true feelings for me? Why was he holding back?
                          "What are you talking about? I'm a grown up woman, I'm eighteen. Look at me, I'm not a little girl anymore?" I stood up straight, and faced him squarely, making sure that he wouldn't miss my big boobs. I was wearing a tight pink shirt and blue skinny jeans.
                          "OH, and you think you're old enough? I just bought a Barbie Doll on your last birthday, remember? A miniature of you."
                          I heaved a sigh. "That's the problem with you, you refuse to see that I'm not a little girl anymore." Tears started pooling in my eyes. I was really humiliated. I hated him for always pretending that I was still a child.
                          He stood up and took my hands. "Shh... don't cry, my love. Yup, I noticed, you are actually growing up, because you're now learning how to flirt with me." He teased.
                          "I hate you, Joseph." I pushed him away, but his hands wouldn't let me go.
                          "You're very beautiful, Ginger. A lot of men envy me, whenever we're together. Someday, you will find your true love. Someone who will take care of you, and will always be there for you."
                          "I don't want anyone, I want only you. Do you understand me? I love you, you, you, you." I poked my forefinger on his chest. Tears were running on my cheeks now. I didn't care anymore if I declared my true feelings for him.
                          "Ginger, listen to me. I'm going away... this weekend."
                          "What?" What did he say? I was trying to figure out what he just said.
                          "I decided to join the medical mission to Southern Africa."
                          "What?" I felt suddenly cold, like I just had an ice bucket challenge. He's going away?
                          "You know, how much I wanted this. This is my advocacy in life, to help and  alleviate the suffering of the sick people, especially the needy. Helping the less fortunate brings joy to my heart. I want to be there for them."
                          "For how long? A month?"
                          He shook his head. "Perhaps, years."
                          My world suddenly collapsed. I couldn't believe what I've just heard. He was leaving for Southern Africa this weekend? I know how compassionate Joseph was with people, that's why I was drawn to him, completely. He studied nursing because of his passion to take care of the sick and the needy. He enjoyed being with people, talking, calming and soothing them to ease their pain and distress. But going to Southern Africa, why?


Since that day, we hadn't seen each other. Dad was fighting for his life, and I never left his side. Joseph was very busy processing his papers for his trip. But he never failed to leave me a letter, saying goodbye.
                          Eros' POV
                          I parked my car, outside the coffee shop. I never bothered having coffee in my apartment, since I was anticipating the cup of espresso here in the coffee shop. It was very delicious, simply the best that I've ever had.
                          Donovan and I, ordered the same coffee that we had yesterday. But when I tasted my espresso, I was so disappointed. It didn't even have the heart artwork design.
                          "This one didn't taste as good as we had yesterday." I took another sip, then pushed it away.
                          "Really? My coffee tastes good. Just the same as yesterday."
                          "Mine didn't. I don't like it."
                          Donovan looked at the Barista. "Maybe because, somebody else prepared it yesterday."
                          I looked at the Barista and to Donovan. " Who?"
                          "You didn't notice? The girl, who did everything. She was alone, remember?"
                          "No. I don't remember."
                          "The girl with black hair, thick-rimmed eyeglasses, and wearing vintage clothes?"
                          "I still don't remember."
                          "Anyway, she was the one who made our coffee."
                          I nodded and called the waitress.
                          "I want another of this, and make sure that, that girl with thick-rimmed eyeglasses prepares it."
                          "Sorry Sir. But she hadn't arrived yet." The blond waitress shrugged her shoulders.
                          I nodded and dismissed the waitress immediately.
                          "Are you done? Let's go." I stood up, not waiting for Donovan to answer. He was still sipping his coffee. "I'll wait for you in the car."
                          I opened the door of the coffee shop and went outside. I was reading my email messages on my phone when I collided with someone?
                          "Ooww!"
                          "Oops!" I immediately caught the middle-aged lady before she fell on the ground. I held her small waist tightly with one arm to steady her stance. She was so light, slender and very delicate. "Are you okay?"
                          She was clinging to me. Both of her arms were around my neck. She was trembling with fright.
                          Her face was pressed on my chest. Then, she slowly looked up at me. I was so surprised that she was not a middle-aged woman at all. She was young, so young... eighteen, probably? Her face was well modeled and very feminine. And the wind whipped color into her cheeks. She parted her lips, gasping for air. It gave me the opportunity to stare at the moistness of her sweet curled lips. Then, I held her eyes for a while, behind its black rimmed eyeglasses. She had beautiful sparkling green eyes, like emeralds. She looked so familiar. Her eyes reminded me of someone.
                          "Yes, I'm fine, I'm sorry, Sir... I'm okay."
                          "Are you sure? You look so fragile." I let go of her and she instantly stepped backward.
                          "Yes, actually, I'm stronger that you thought. Looks could be very deceiving sometimes."
                          I frowned at her. "That's hard to believe. You're so thin, I could easily break your bones with my two fingers. You even look malnourished."
                          She inhaled deeply and smiled sarcastically. "Thanks for the compliment, Sir.  I have to go, I'm already late for work." She spun and went towards the coffee shop door.
                          "You're welcome." I provoked her. She sounded so upset. "Are you sure, you're okay?
                          She went back, stomping her feet on the ground and stood in front of me. I was surprised when she jumped up and down, then made exaggerated lunges and stretching, then, springing her arms upwards and sideways. "See? Nothing's broken. I'm fine, OKAY!"
                          I was amused by her actions, she was a funny girl. "Okay, I'm convinced. Be careful next time and watch your steps."
                          She glared at me, her lips thinned with irritation. We stared at each other across a sudden ringing silence.
                          "Everything okay?" Donovan, who came out of the coffee shop, asked me.
                          "Yeah, come on, let's go." I strode to my car and left the girl staring at us.
                          "That was the woman who made our coffee yesterday." Donovan said, the moment we were in the car.
                          "Yeah, I figured that out." I drove the car smoothly.
                          "Too bad you haven't enjoyed your morning coffee, Sir."
                          "Yeah... too bad..." I groaned then, drove in silence. Thinking of glimmering emerald eyes. After five minutes of driving, I stopped the car and made a U-turn.
                          "Where are we going, Sir?" Donovan asked.
                          "I realized, I really need that coffee."
                           
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***

Chapter Four

Chapter Four
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          "Just because you don't have a prince, does not mean you are not a princess" ― Zayn Malik
                          Jade's POV
                          "Hey, Jade. Romeo is back, and wants you to make his coffee." Suzanne shouted behind me, that I almost dropped the bottle of milk I was holding.
                          "Romeo, who?"
                          "The guy, who looked like one of the Abercrombie models."
                          "Which one?" I asked Suzanne, but she already left, before I could even finish my question. I was in the kitchen, helping Mrs. Chang prepared the batter for the pancakes.
                          I went out of the kitchen and scanned the faces of the customers. Then, I saw him. The guy I bumped into, this morning, and the one who called me malnourished.
                          I saw him already left a while ago, I wondered why he came back. Whatever. I didn't care, anyway. I'm sure, he's also the guy that Suzanne referred as Romeo, slash, Abercrombie model.
                          Honestly, I didn't like the guy, he was very arrogant and didn't know how to apologize. He regarded himself so highly, as if, he was someone very important. Actually, it was his fault, why we bumped into each other.
                          I was hurrying towards the coffee shop, because I was already late. I instantly recognized him, as one of our customers yesterday, when he came out of the coffee shop. He was walking so fast, without looking at where he was going. His eyes were fixed on his phone. I was expecting him to walk straight, but he suddenly turned towards me. I was surprised and didn't have the chance to evade him.
                          My face hit the wall of his chest, so hard. I was instantly cocooned by his warm embrace. I felt the roughness of his hand on my arm, and gave me a sense of protection. I devoured the moment and inhaled his pure male scent, a combination of fresh cologne, musk and coffee. When I looked up at him, I was starstrucked. He was indeed a very attractive man, tall, lean, with beautifully proportioned body. His jet-black hair was silky straight and his face was bronzed with wind and sun. I felt like fainting, staring at him. His magnetic silvery gray eyes melted my lower limbs.
                          Well, that was my first reaction. Ugh! I realized that he was not a Prince Charming, but a villain.
                          I thought he was a gentleman, because he asked if I was okay. But, he turned out to be a pompous ass. I was waiting for him to apologize, since it was his fault, but he never did.
                          Then, he called me 'so thin' and 'malnourish.' I was really offended. Well, maybe a bit true, but not to the extent of being malnourished. I looked thinner because of my height. I stood, 5 feet and 8 inches and weighed 120 pounds.
                          My impression of him? He was just like Kurt and Suzanne, a bully.
                          I took the order slip and read 'one coffee espresso.' Then, I looked at him. Romeo. Yup, that's what he is, a Romeo. 
                          He seemed like an extremely rich guy, his suit spoke for itself. It was the kind of suit that famous celebrities and elite people wore. It probably cost, a month of my salary.
                          And yes, Suzanne was right, he looked like one of the Abercrombie male models. But, I doubt if he was one, since he was always on the phone, talking about business.
                          I stared at him for a few seconds, studying his facial features. He was indeed strikingly attractive, but with bad attitude, just like a devil. Then, suddenly, his head turned and his eyes captured mine. I was so shocked of being caught staring at him. I felt so embarrassed. Gosh! I immediately looked away and pretended looking at the customers, beside their table.


I went towards the coffee machine and made his coffee. I did an artwork design on his espresso, a double heart. Suzanne served the coffee to him.
                          Eros' POV 
                          "I want her."
                          Donovan coughed and stared at me, his eyebrows pulled together in a crease. "What do you mean, Sir. YOU WANT HER, as in, you want her?"
                          "Yes. I want her, to make my coffee, everyday." I sipped the coffee again. Great, so great. This coffee is so delicious.
                          "You mean, you're going to hire her?"
                          "Why not?" I replied, over confidently. "I'll make sure that she won't turn down my offer. This is the best coffee that I've ever tasted. She's really amazing."
                          "She looks... weird." Donovan grinned at me.
                          "Weird? No, not weird. She's unique."
                          He coughed again and nodded his head. "Yes, that's what I mean, Sir. Unique."
                          When we finished our coffee, I went to the girl, with emerald eyes. She was in the bar counter, alone.
                          "Here's for our coffee." I gave her a hundred dollars then studied her facial expression. She was avoiding my gaze. Probably, she was embarrassed about the incident this morning.
                          "Your bill is only five dollars, Sir." She said, her eyes fixed at the order slip.
                          "Keep the change."
                          She finally looked at me. Her eyes were glassy and sparkled like jewels, as she held mine. She really had an amazing emerald eyes. I remembered that eyes, that gaze, but I couldn't figure out, where and when.
                          "Thank you, Sir. But, I can't. That's too much for a tip, in two consecutive days."
                          "You deserved it. You make great coffee." I was amused that she wouldn't accept the tip. It was unusual for waitresses or cashiers to refuse it.
                          "Thank you, but I just can't take it." She put my change in the counter.
                          "Jade." I read her nameplate. "Your name suit you, you have green eyes. From where are you, Jade?"
                          "Um... I can't tell you, Sir. I don't give my address to anyone. For safety reasons." She shrugged her shoulders and played with her fingers.
                          I was really amused. Instead of being offended, I found her funny. I was just asking from where she was, and she was making a big fuss about it. "I'm not a serial killer, if that's what you mean. I'm asking you, because you looked so familiar. Have we met before?"
                          She shook her head. "No. I don't think so. We obviously live in different worlds."
                          I knew what she meant. Yeah, we obviously lived in different worlds. The people that I mingled, places I'd been and the parties and events I'd attended differed from hers.
                          "Excuse me, I still have other things to do."
                          "Wait." I reached out and caught her hand in mine.
                          She gasped and instantly pulled her hand away, as if my touch burned her.
                          "Work for me."
                          She froze and stared at me. "What?"
                          "Work for me. All you have to do is prepare my coffee, everyday. No hassles and no work pressures."
                          "You're kidding me, right?"
                          "No. I don't kid around." 
                          She bent her head and studied her hands. Thinking. Then, she looked at me. "I... I can't."
                          "Why not?"
                          "I can't leave my employer, she's so good to me, and treated me as her family. Besides, I don't want to regret making any impulsive decisions."
                          "No, no. I'm not asking for your answer right now, think about it tonight. You can give me your answer tomorrow morning, no pressure."
                          She heaved a sigh. "My answer would still be the same, tomorrow. I can't."
                          "I'll double your salary here."
                          She gasped and her eyes suddenly widened. She scratched her forehead, them palmed her face. "No, I really can't, sir. I love my job and I can't leave my employer. She needs me. If you'll excuse me, I'm really busy."
                          "Triple. That's my final offer."
                          She shook her head and smiled at me. I was amazed how beautiful she was, when she smiled brightly. "No, but thanks for the offer."
                          Suddenly, all pleasure left me. Too bad, I love her coffee.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***
                          

Chapter Five

CHAPTER FIVE (UNEDITED)
                           -- Kindly put your playlist here ---
                          "You fall in love and it completely consumes you. So a part of you is broken when that's gone. And part of you wants to have that rebellious feeling where you're just like "Forget it- I can do anything i want" I've tried it and I've never been that girl. I'm always going to be the girl you want to take home to your parents, not for the night. "  ― Selena Gómez
                          Jade's POV
                          "What! She's dead?"
                          "Yes, she took an overdose of pain reliever, last night." George, the barista, called me, when I was about to leave our house, to work the following day.
                          My heart was beating so fast. I felt so cold all of the sudden, and my hands were trembling.
                          "No. I can't believe it! She seemed so fine, yesterday. Are you sure?" I couldn't accept the fact, that Mrs. Chang was dead. No... No... not her, please.
                          "Yup, it was confirmed by Ricky. He called me, to inform us that the coffee shop will be temporarily close, for about two weeks."
                          Ricky was single, and Mrs. Chang's only son. The rest of her children were women and already married.
                          "Oh, God, this is unbelievable." It still wouldn't sink-in, in my mind that she was gone. This is a nightmare!
                          I felt so devastated. Mrs. Chang was like a mother to me. She was a nice woman and a very good employer. She even paid me so well. I would miss her a lot.
                          "Yeah, this is so sudden. Anyway, Ricky will manage the coffee shop."
                          "Ricky! Oh, no..." I groaned out loud.
                          "HA! I know what you're thinking."
                          Why, Ricky? Why not her other children? He's a sex maniac! The last time he was in the coffee shop, he slapped my butt in front of the customers. He did much worse to Suzanne. He squeezed her breasts and attempted to kiss her. I didn't think I could ever survive having him as my boss. I had to find another job.
                          After an hour, I started looking for a new job. I couldn't work at the coffee shop anymore, now that Mrs. Chang was gone, and with Ricky as the new boss.
                          I searched on the internet, for any job opening, with my qualifications. I submitted my Resume to varied small companies, hoping and praying that I would be accepted, since I really needed a job, to support my family.
                          Finally, a bakery accepted me, but the salary was so small. So, I declined.
                          There were jobs, with bigger salaries, but I was not qualified, because of lack of experience. Many companies preferred college graduates also. Unfortunately, I only graduated high school, and never ever attended college.
                          After one week of hunting for a job, I became so desperate. My mom and my sister, Sapphire really depended on me. I need to get a job, ASAP, to pay the house rental, the utilities and our basic needs. Aside from that, there was my mom's medication, for her heart disease.
                          I bought the Sunday newspaper, hoping that I would finally find a job. I was in the dining table, marking all prospective jobs in the classified ads section, with my pink highlighter, when Sapphire sat on a chair, across me. She just woke up, and still on her Kigurumi anime printed pajamas. Yup, she was an anime freak, and loved joining cosplays.
                          "Hi, Dee, can I borrow the entertainment section?"
                          "Sure." I replied, without looking at her.
                          "Too bad, he got married. I love him. Why? Oh, why? You didn't even wait for me to grow up. I hate you Behati, you stole my boyfriend."


I laughed and looked at my sister. The newspaper hid her face.
                          "You're really crazy, Saph." Then, my eyes focused at the newspaper she was holding. My laughter immediately died. In front of me was the business page of the newspaper, and a group picture of wealthy businessmen captured my attention. One of them was a strikingly attractive man, who looked very familiar. I stared at it, and realized, it was Romeo.
                          I grabbed the newspaper to look closely at the picture.
                          "Hey! I'm not done yet." Sapphire pulled the newspaper towards her at the same time. The business page was instantly torn and crumpled.
                          "Look, what you've done." I laid the torn pieces of the picture and it's article on the table, so I could read it.
                          "It's not my fault, you grabbed it."
                          "Shh. Okay, it's my fault. I need this page, so badly."
                          "Why?" Sapphire asked curiously.
                          "See this guy? He was our customer in the coffee shop." I pointed Romeo's face, using my highlighter.
                          "Wow! He's so hot. He looks like my boyfriend, Adam Levine! Remind me to work in a coffee shop, when I grow up, sis."
                          I tried to read the article, although it was so difficult, because it was torn and crumpled. "Oh my God! He's a billionaire, a Petrakis! His family owned the world's biggest shipping lines."
                          "A billionaire? Whoa! Finally, my Mr. Right arrived! Can I replace you in the coffee shop, instead? Ricky wouldn't mind, right?"
                          "Be serious, Saph. This guy offered me a job week ago, just to make his coffee, everyday. He said, he will triple, my salary in the coffee shop."
                          "Whaaat? Seriously?" Saph's eyes widened. "Just to make coffee? Is he going to drink a drum of coffee every day?"
                          I rolled my eyes. "You're ridiculous. Anyway, I ignored his offer."
                          "You did? I thought you're smart!"
                          I twisted my lips and then, snorted. "I didn't know that he was a big shot billionaire. I thought he was just kidding me! I didn't even like him. He was very arrogant and called me malnourished. Besides, I didn't expect that Mrs. Chang would die."
                          "Ya, that was very unexpected, but, he called you malnourished? He's a jerk."
                          "Believe me, he is."
                          "But, that jerk offered you a job. I don't think he's really that bad."
                          I shrugged my shoulders and continued looking at the classified ads.
                          "Dee, instead of looking for a job, why not go to him. Try your luck, maybe, the offer still stands. Imagine, you will be paid triple? That's awesome. Don't let it slip through your fingers."
                          "I don't think so."
                          "Why?"
                          "I already turned down his offer."
                          Saph sighed. "There's no harm in trying, right. You often said that to me. 'Try and try, until you succeed.' That's our motto in life. Why are you so hesitant? That's a good opportunity."
                          "I don't know. I think it's not a good idea, working for him. There's something in him that made me very... uncomfortable. I can't explain it."
                          "Hmm... I know what that is. It's called ATTRACTION." She giggled and gave me a teasing smile.
                          "NO! It's not."
                          "It is. Don't deny it, he's so gorgeous!"
                          "Stop it, Saph."


"Don't tell me, you're still in love with Joseph. Are you?"
                          I don't know, I really don't know. I said to myself.
                          The following day, I was standing in front of the Petrakis Office Building, in Manhattan. I really didn't have any intention of seeing Romeo or Mr. Petrakis. But, I lost hope.
                          I was in, for an interview, in the nearby building. But I failed. The Human Resource Supervisor, who interviewed me, said that I was not qualified. They preferred college graduate.
                          I was walking along the side walk when I saw the Petrakis Office Building. So, I decided to try my luck. I was so desperate to find a job.
                          I asked one of the guards standing outside of the building. He was an old man, probably in his sixties. I asked him where I could possibly talk to Mr. Petrakis, the son, of the owner of Petrakis International Holding Company.
                          Actually, I realized, I was so stupid. I forgot to get Romeo's name.
                          "Ahh, you mean, the president? We call him the Big Boss." The guard said.
                          "Yes, yes. He's the son of the owner, right?"
                          "Of course. Just tell the receptionist in the lobby, that you have an appointment with the Big Boss."
                          I wanted to tell the guard that I didn't have any appointment with Mr. Petrakis or the Big Boss. But I have to take a chance, maybe he would see me, once he knew who I was.
                          "I'm sorry Miss Collins. Mr. Petrakis' secretary said that you don't have an appointment with him, today."
                          "But he knew me. He'll see me, once he knew who I am. Please tell him that Jade from the coffee shop is here to see him, and I accept his job offer."
                          "I don't think so, miss. We have a protocol here to follow. If you want to see him, then ask for an appointment." The receptionist in the lobby said curtly. She looked so prim and proper, probably in her late forties.
                          "I just need five minutes of his time. Please... help me."
                          "Sorry, Miss. Just fill up this form, if you want an appointment with the Big Boss." She handed the form to me. "We will just keep in touch with you. You're lucky if you'll get an appointment within two weeks. It's really hard to get one with the bosses. They're always so busy, and lately, they're often out of the country."
                          "Please, ma'am. I really need to see Mr. Petrakis. It's a matter between life and death. He offered me a job last week. I'm the bread winner in our family, I lost my father because of lung cancer, and my mom is sick, she has a heart disease. What will happen to her, if her medications would stop? Please help me. I needed this job, so badly." I almost begged to the receptionist. She looked like a mother too, and I knew, she would take pity on me.
                          "Really? I just lost my husband because of lung cancer too, a year ago. I can feel your pain, child." She said with moisture in her eyes. Then, she talked about her husband, his sickness, and her last memories of him. "I don't normally do this. But, okay, I'll help you get to see Mr. Petrakis. Actually, his secretary is my sister in-law. I'll ask her, to help you see him today."
                          "Oh, thank you, thank you so much." I was so overwhelmed with happiness.
                          Twenty minutes later, I was facing Mr. Petrakis' secretary. Her eyes were like laser beams scanning my appearance, up and down, again. It was the third time she did that.
                          "He doesn't know you, or any Jade Collins. He said, he didn't offer anyone a job recently, and, he never go to coffee shops."
                          "Are you sure? He just offered me a job, a week ago. He'll remember me, once he sees me." I felt so disappointed. How could he forget easily about his job offer, me, and the coffee?


"Maybe. Don't worry, I'll help you see him, okay? Just wait in the lounge area."
                          Six hours later, I was still in the huge, lounge area of Mr. Petrakis office, alone. I fell asleep several times. It was a very cozy room and the air conditioning was heavenly. The lounge arm chairs were very comfortable, that I curled my body on it. There was a big TV screen on the wall, and all sorts of business magazines on the center table. Bar counters were at the side, with a coffee machine and a fridge full of cakes and pastries.
                          I yawned and checked the time. It was five o'clock already. I've waited for six hours. I took my eyeglasses and rubbed my eyes. I finished watching three movies in HBO and tasted the cakes and pastries in the fridge, that I was so full. I stood up, and stretched my body, when I heard a chime sound, followed by the secretary's voice, in the intercom.
                          "Miss Collins, Mr. Petrakis will see you now."
                          I fixed my black wig and crumpled dress, then took my bag. I immediately went out of the waiting room and proceeded to the secretary's office.
                          At last, I'm going to see Mr. Petrakis. I'll tell him that I'm very willing to work for him now. It doesn't matter anymore, if he'll pay me double or triple, as long as not less than my previous salary. I'm sure he'll understand that I really need money to support my family.
                          "Tell him immediately the reason why you're seeing him. He's in a hurry. He's going out with his family."
                          "Yeah, I will."
                          "You only have five minutes, remember."
                          "Okay, thanks a lot."
                           I entered the Mr. Petrakis' office, slowly. The black and brown color dominated the huge room. Overall, it signified, power, massive wealth and authority. It was completely, a powerful man's haven.
                          The big chair behind the huge wooden desk turned and a very handsome man faced me. He was the same image as Romeo, but older. I blinked my eyes several times and stood frozen on the floor. Oh! I don't believe this. I'm seeing the wrong person.
                          "Hello, Miss Collins."
                          Great, just great. This is not Romeo, but his father! What am I going to do?
                          "Ah... um... Hi, Good afternoon, Sir." My knees were trembling and my blood began to pound in my temples. I was really embarrassed.
                          "Good afternoon. Sit down." He leaned his back on his chair and studied my appearance. His eyes traveled from my black hair down to my one inch black shoes. He frowned. He didn't seem to like what he saw.
                          "Um..." I sat down on the chair in front of his table and read the name engraved on the executive desk nameplate.
                          Markos Petrakis
                          President of Petrakis International Holding Corporation
                           "What can I do for you, Miss Collins?" He asked again and checked his watch.
                           His deep, strong voice startled me. I cleared my thought, and then said to him.
                           "I... I'm so sorry, Mr. Petrakis. There's some kind of a mistake. I asked to see your son, sir, not... you."
                          His forehead creased, and his lips thinned with irritation. "What? Eros office is on the top floor."
                          Eros. Eros Petrakis. So, that's Romeo's name. 
                          "So, who showed you here in my office?" He demanded.
                          A cold sweat ran down my spine. The feeling of fear, mixed with nervousness was there. I wanted to tell him the truth that the security guard told me to look for the Big Boss, but decided to keep silent. I didn't know Mr. Markos Petrakis' attitude. Maybe he would fire the security guard for giving me the wrong information.
                          "Actually, it was entirely my fault, sir. I... I have to go. Thank you for your time, sir." I played with my fingers, and then, rubbed my hands on my dress.
                          He nodded. "Nice meeting you, Miss Collins."
                          I immediately spun around. I was in a hurry to get out of the office, due to embarrassment. But my legs wouldn't cooperate to move faster, that I twisted one foot and lost my balance. I ended flat on the floor, face down.
                          "Are you okay? Miss Collins?" I heard Mr. Petrakis said.
                          "Yes, I'm okay." I instantly knelt down, my face were flushing. I was so humiliated.
                          Darn, my eyeglasses fell on the floor! 
                          I tried to look for it, but everything was so blurred, and the carpet was black. I couldn't see properly without my eyeglasses.
                          I heard the office door open and someone came in. Even though it was so blurred, I could identify that it was a man, with gray trousers and black shoes. Then, suddenly, I heard a cracking sound, of glass and plastic. I knew that, that was my eyeglasses, broken. Oh, huhuhu... great, really great. Now, I don't have eyeglasses anymore. I'm over.
                          "Bloody hell! What's this!" I heard a familiar voice exclaimed angrily. Romeo.
                          "Ah... that's mine." I instantly looked up at him. My knees were still on the floor, as well as my hands.
                          Although it was so blurred, I saw him knelt down in front of me. The man I wanted to see. Eros Petrakis.
                          "Jade? What are you doing here?"
                           I heaved a sigh of relief and offered a silent prayer. Thanks God, he remembered me.
                           
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***

Chapter Six

Chapter Six (UNEDITED)
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                           "Strange, here I was having lunch with the hottest girl in school, but I was miserable. Because less than twenty feet away from me was Juli, my Juli, with Eddie Trulock. She's laughing; what was she laughing about? How could she sit there and laugh, and look so beautiful?" - Bryce Loski from the movie FLIPPED (2010).
                          Eros' POV
                          My eyes scanned her face and focused at the freckles on her cheeks and nose. She had a very beautiful face, so fresh and natural, without any makeup on.
                          I looked at her left eye, and then to her right, a shade of emerald and jade combined, drawing me deeper into it, like poles of magnet, compelling me. My eyes traveled down to her luscious pink lips. Holy sh*t! A sudden painful feeling stirred in my gut that I immediately moved backward.
                          I knew her. I really knew her. Her eyes... her lips... her face...
                          No! She can't be her, that's very impossible. They have different personality, like fire and ice or oil and water. Jade looks so demure, conservative and very wholesome, that a man can be proud to take home to his mother... and the other girl was so... wild.
                          "Everything, OK?" My father, Markos Petrakis interrupted my thoughts. He was staring down at us, on the floor, like he used to do, when I was a kid playing with my younger sister, Chloe.
                          I straightened up and stretched my body. "Yes, sure. This is Jade, ah..." I saw Jade, at the corner of my eye, scrambled up and picked her big worn out leather bag on the floor.
                          "Collins." Dad finished for me. "She came here to see you. I don't know what happened, why she ended up seeing me."
                          She came to see me?
                          Actually, I knew she would.
                          A big notice was posted outside the coffee shop that it was closed for two weeks, due to change of management. A security guard of the building also informed us that the lady owner died of drug overdose.
                          I was impressed by Jade's loyalty to her employer. It was not common nowadays, for anyone to refuse a job opportunity, because of loyalty. But now, that her employer was dead she would definitely take my offer.
                          I was expecting her to show up in the office. I even left an instruction to my new personal assistant, to squeeze in, in my very hectic schedule, an appointment if a certain girl named Jade would ask for one.
                          I missed her coffee. I even felt deprived of the simple pleasure of sipping and tasting it. I didn't know what came over me, but I started to crave for her coffee every morning... very addictive. It released my adrenaline, keeping me energized and alert the whole day.
                          Dad went back to his burl wood executive desk and produced a manila envelope in one of its side drawers. I raised my hand to Jade, a gesture for her to wait. She just nodded her head and stood there paralyzed, with her hands clasped together, like a kindergarten kid, about to sing Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star, in front of the class.
                          I strode towards my dad, who was sitting behind his desk. I stood across him and shove my hands in my pants pocket. "Don't hesitate to fire those reckless employees. They're liabilities in our company. I can't imagine losing a major transaction, for that reason."
                          "I don't think there's any miscommunication, Jade here, admitted that it was her fault."
                          I shook my head disapprovingly, and then looked briefly at her over my shoulder. She looked so funny, standing there and looking around the office, clearly, amazed of her surroundings.
                          I rubbed my neck, feeling so exhausted. My eyes burned dryly from sleeplessness. Lately, I was so engrossed in making strategic plans and organizational set up for our newly acquired shipyard in New Zealand. Aside from that, I was thinking of ways to get hold of that abandon shipyard in Japan, which my father and I wanted to acquire. The problem was majority of the board of directors was very hesitant to bid on it. I presented my business plan, and did several revisions on it, but still they were very hesitant, and scared of losing our investments.
                          I sighed, feeling weary of the argument I had with some of the board members, in the conference room, located beside my dad's office. I was there since one o'clock in the afternoon. I was the one presided the board meeting.
                          Dad left the meeting ahead of me. He gave me our secret hand signal to see him in his office afterwards. I knew he wanted to discuss a very confidential matter.
                          "Here's our last contingency plan for the Japan shipyard." He handed me the manila envelope. Inside it were obviously, very confidential documents. "You present it, if majority of the board still disagree with our proposal. We don't have any choice since we're running out of time. That is our last resort. We can't take the risk of losing this major project. The company needs this, so badly. I want you to study this, thoroughly, son. I'm relying on you on this project. A contract should be executed as soon as possible. Signed, sealed and delivered in five days."
                          "Of course. I won't fail you. I also made a contingency plan. I'll check if this coincides with my own." I clasped the manila envelope tightly with my both hands.
                          "OK. So, I'll see you tonight."                                                         
                          I nodded and turned to go.
                          "Your mom said that you'll bring your new girlfriend with you." My dad's statement made me stop and faced him again.
                          "Yeah, mom wanted to meet Kendra." I wanted to explain to him, that Kendra was not my girlfriend, but my FB, f**king buddy, but I was sure, he wouldn't understand that.
                          Dad frowned, his lips twisted with distaste. "Isn't she that girl, in Times Square electronic screen, wearing only a red negligee?"
                          I exhaled heavily and looked away. I was anxious to escape from his questionings. "Yes. I have to go. See you later." I knew dad didn't like the idea of me, dating Kendra Packer. She was a famous model, and had a reputation of dating different men. Not just ordinary men, but extremely rich men. Her last relationship was with a fifty year old Italian billionaire.
                          Kendra was so hard to resist. She knew what she wanted and really aimed of getting it, by hook or by crook. And now, she wanted me, so badly. Thrice this week, she slept in my apartment. She just arrived unexpectedly in the middle of the night. I didn't have a choice but to let her in, she was pretty insistent.
                          "Come with me." I said without looking at Jade and picked her broken eyeglasses on the floor. I strode out of my father's office and went directly to his secretary.
                          "Faye, ask a messenger to send this to the Optometrist Clinic downstairs. I want this replaced, exactly as it is, in an hour. Have it send in my office."
                          "Yes, sir."
                          I went directly to the elevator. I knew Jade was following me, I could sense that she was. My mind was in turmoil, thinking about our latest project. I have to find a way, to gain approval from the board. Think. Think. Think.
                          I was about to close the elevator door, when I realized that Jade was not following me anymore. Bloody hell! Where the hell is she?
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE.***
                           

Chapter Seven

Chapter Seven (UNEDITED)
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                           "Oh, I wouldn't mind, Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you." ― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
                          Jade's POV
                          "Mr. Petrakis? Mr. Petrakis..." Where is he?
                          He said, to go with him. I tried to keep up his pace, but he was walking so fast. I couldn't see clearly. I lost my focus on where he was going.
                          Finally, I saw a door, and decided to open it. Maybe, this is his office.
                          I turned the knob slowly, and opened it widely. I stood in the doorframe, scanning the room, trying to figure out what was inside the room. It was all white with cubicles in it.
                          I heard the swishing sound of water, and saw about four men standing and facing the wall, talking.
                          "I won't give my vote to that Japan shipyard, unless, Petrakis offers to increase my share on it."
                          "Yeah, right. That's what I was thinking too. Shh... I heard, father and son are really after it, because there are gold bars hidden underneath the shipyard."
                          My breathing quickened and my cheeks felt warm. For heaven's sake! I'm in the Men's Comfort Room!
                          Before I could turn to go, the men spun around and saw me.
                          "Hey, lady! What are you doing here? This is the men's room!" One man yelled at me.
                          "What the...!" Another man exclaimed.
                          "I'm sorry, sorry sir... sorry." I apologized to them and immediately left, half running, to escape the humiliation.
                          Suddenly, something hard hit me and my arms were grasped with strong hands.
                          "Where have you been? I thought you were following me."
                          My face was plastered at Eros Petrakis chest, and smelled his pure male scent. Oh no! Not again.
                          I instantly stepped backward, avoiding the contact of his body.
                          "I... I was. I can't see clearly, without my eyeglasses. I... I lost you."
                          "You should have told me that you can't see clearly." He groaned and picked up the manila envelope that fell on the floor. "Come."
                          We strode towards an elevator. This time, he walked beside me and even waited for me to enter the elevator first.
                          "So, why do you want to see me?" He asked the moment the elevator door closed.
                          "I want to take your job offer, Mr. Petrakis." Please, please, please. I wanted to add, desperately.
                          He was suddenly silent. Standing there, looking at me, as if I was a piece of specimen. I could feel his gaze traveled up and down my body.
                          My cheeks suddenly felt warm, I felt embarrassed by his scrutiny. I adjusted my big leather bag, on my shoulder, and clasped it in front of me, covering my body.
                          "Do you have your CV with you?" Finally, he replied.
                          "Yes, sir."
                          "Let's see, if you're qualified." He said curtly. Just in time, the elevator door opened and he stepped out ahead of me.
                          Qualified? I thought I'm qualified as his coffee girl. He likes my coffee, right?
                          My feet suddenly trembled. I was scared of being rejected again. I really needed a job, any job. I silently prayed the 'Lord's Prayer' earnestly, again and again, until Mr. Petrakis voice, jolted me.


"Is everything okay, Miss Collins?"
                          "Yes... yes, Sir." I nodded at him.
                          A woman appeared when we arrived outside his office. She seemed young, with light blond hair pulled up in a conservative bun. Her black executive suit fitted on her nicely. She looked so smart, very professional and yet so gorgeous.
                          "Good afternoon, Mr. Petrakis." The woman greeted him, in a very sweet voice.
                          "You can go now, Miss Leech." He answered firmly.
                          "Bye, Mr. Petrakis." The woman said, without even glancing at me. I wondered if she saw me. I felt like I was invisible. She was probably his secretary.
                          We entered his office. It was a huge room, with black and white furnishing. I tried to figure out what was inside the room, but I couldn't see clearly.
                          "Sit down, Miss Collins."
                          He was already seated behind his black executive desk, leaning his back on his chair, waiting for me.
                          I immediately sat down, across him, and took the brown envelope inside my big leather bag. I was about to get my CV inside the envelope, when he raised his hand, a signal for me to stop.
                          "Just tell me about yourself, Miss Collins."
                          I took a deep breath, feeling so uneasy. I always get so flustered when asked to talk about myself. I felt like I didn't have anything clever to say. I preferred being interviewed rather than talk about myself. I heaved a frustrated sigh. But I had no choice I needed a job for my family to survive. I had to bear this, even though it was so awkward.
                          "You can start now."
                          "Um... ah... I'm Jade Collins, 20 years old." My palms were sweating now, and I rubbed it on my brown floral dress. I really felt so nervous.
                          "Go on, Miss Collins."
                          "I was born in New Jersey and lived there until two years ago. We transferred in South Bronx, when my dad died. He died of lung cancer... I'm currently living with my mom, and sister. My mom is working as a babysitter. She's not allowed by her cardiologist to do strenuous jobs, because of her heart disease. My sister Sapphire is fifteen and still finishing high school..."
                          "Tell me about your education and work experience."
                          "I graduated high school in New Jersey Princeton High School. When my dad died... we lost everything, including our savings for my tuition fee in college. I was supposed to take Arts and Design course, but because of what happened, I ended up working in a coffee shop."
                          "So, you'd been working in the coffee shop for two years already?"
                          "Um... no. Only for a year." My heart started to hammer very fast. Please don't let him ask, please....
                          "Okay. So, what did you do, a year before that?"
                          The question I loathed to answer, because I didn't have a choice, but to lie.
                          "I... I... stayed with my grandma. She was alone... and... and... she needed someone to be with her." I stammered. But it was partly true.
                          "So, you worked in a coffee shop. How did you learn to make delicious coffee?"
                          "The barista, George, taught me how to do art designs for coffee. I was so interested on it, since I love arts and designing anything. I helped him every time the coffee shop became so busy. Then, he taught me how to make coffee, the techniques and the baristas guidelines in making coffee..."
                          I was rattling about the coffee shop, the coffee, George and even about Mrs. Chang, for about twenty minutes already, when I noticed that he was not responding anymore.
                          "Mr. Petrakis? Mr. Petrakis..." I almost whispered.
                          What happen? I wished I could see his eyes. I wanted to know if he was still listening to me or already... asleep.
                          "Mr. Petrakis?" I said his name again, but he didn't even stir.
                          Then, I heard a soft knock on the door. I tried to ignore it, but there it was again. I slowly went to the door to open it, very careful not to stumble.  
                          "Hi. Is Mr. Petrakis, in there?" A boy in a messenger uniform peeped inside.
                          "Yes. Over there." I pointed at him, behind his desk.
                          "Oh, he's asleep. Anyway, I'm Tom, from Dr. Travis Clinic. I was asked to deliver these eyeglasses here, I bet this is yours?" He whispered.
                          "Yes, this is mine." I whispered back at him. I was so happy that my broken eyeglasses were replaced with a new one. "Thank you."
                          "You're welcome. I have to go."
                          The moment the messenger left, I opened the case of my eyeglasses. Wow! It was exactly the same as the broken one. I loved it. I immediately put it on. Thanks God, now, I can clearly see everything.
                          I looked around his office. It was a very huge room, probably, the same size as his father's office, but the ornaments and furniture were all modern, in black and white colors. I looked around, awed by the beauty of my surroundings. Expensive white leather couches and chairs with unique table design, book shelves, and a glass cabinet full of plaques, trophies and awards. The wall to wall large glass windows that viewed the skyscrapers of New York City was so amazing.
                          Then, my eyes focused at the man behind the desk. I tried to hold my laughter, by clamping my mouth with one hand.
                          I couldn't believe that the powerful billionaire, Mr. Eros Petrakis fell asleep on his chair. Either he was so tired, or he was so bored listening to my stories. Whatever.
                          I studied his physical features. The five o'clock shadow of his beard already appeared, giving him a very manly look. His jet black hair was thick and silky straight, made him look, strikingly attractive. Then, my eyes caught at one lock that fell a little forward onto his head, I was staring at it, tempted to brush it back on his head. No! I'll be dead if I do that. I observed him. He looked so tough, lean and sinewy even while asleep.
                          I made some noise to wake him up. I jumped up and down. I dragged my seat, tapped his table, even tried to move his chair. But still, he wouldn't wake up.
                          "Mr. Petrakis... please wake up. I'm done already. Mr. Petrakis!"
                          I sighed heavily, feeling so defeated. Then I remembered something.
                          I cleared my throat then sang my all time favorite song. "I Will Always Love You."
                          I was singing the chorus of the song, so heartily, when Mr. Petrakis stirred and suddenly said.
                          "Miss Collins, stop singing. You're already hired."
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE.***

Chapter Eight

Chapter Eight (UNEDITED)
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                           "You love me, Real or not Real?" 
                          "Real."
                          - Peeta Mellark and Katniss Everdeen, in 'Mockingjay' by Suzanne Collins
                          Eros' POV
                          What the hell! I thought there was a fire. Her voice is not very pleasant in the ears. I even started to have a headache. She should stick making delicious coffee, rather than attempting to be a singer.
                          I unintentionally fell asleep while doing a job interview with her. I did not sleep well last night, and tiredness suddenly overwhelmed me. The thrill and pressure of closing a very important deal made me always on the edge, that sleeping became the least priority. It was like an obsession, a ruling passion for power, authority and total control. 
                          I stared at her. Jade Collins. She looked so innocent, like a pristine maiden, standing there in front of me. Her expression, a mixture of surprise and delight. 
                          "I'm hired?" She replied. Her hands covered her mouth and her eyes were wide open. She really had an amazing emerald eyes, very captivating. 
                          "Yeah, and you're going to start tomorrow morning." I said in a firm, authoritative voice.
                          "Yes! Yes, yes! Thank you so much, Mr. Petrakis! You're my savior. You don't know how important this is to me and my family." She was jumping up and down, so overwhelmed with happiness.
                          The thought of her coming closer and flinging her arms around me, crossed my mind. No way, she wouldn't - but, what if she would? I wondered how would I handle a situation like that? 
                          I was so facinated by her reaction. She was like a young girl, receiving a doll and balloons on her birthday. She had no qualms in expressing her feelings, and didn't give a damn if she looked funny or stupid. I like her personality, very simple and no pretentions. So different from the girls I'd met.
                          "Here's my address." I handed my calling card to her. "I want you to be there in my apartment at exactly five o'clock, tomorrow morning. Make sure to be there on time. I don't tolerate late employees." 
                          She grasped the calling card with both hands, then stared at it. "I'll be there Mr. Petrakis. I wont be late." He gave me a bright and cheerful smile, showing her braced teeth.
                          "Okay, so it's settled. You can go now, Miss Collins." I said, dismissing her abruptly. Even though I was amused by her personality, I didn't want to show it to her. 
                          As I came of age, I learned to take control of my emotions and refrained showing what I really felt. I had to be tough, courageous and emotionally strong. I ran a multinational corporation, thousands of employees relied on me, even my family. Any sign of weakness could be used by our competitors, the business sharks, in the business world, as a weapon against me and the company,
                          I diverted my eyes to the manila envelope on my table. I opened it and took the documents out, ready to scan the contingency plan that my father prepared.
                          But, when I looked up, Jade was still there, standing in front of me and not even moved an inch. She was twisting her fingers.
                          "I said, you're dismissed." I said firmly, emphasizing each word. I was also trying to intimidate her, to create a barrier between us.
                          "Um, ah... "
                          "Do you have questions? Or clarifications?" 
                          "Um... yes, Mr. Petrakis. How much is my... salary?" She said in a shaking, fragile voice.


"I keep my word, Miss Collins. I offered you thrice your salary at the coffee shop, so that's what you're getting."
                           She nodded her head and was obviously suppressing a smile. She was happy.
                           "Any more clarifications?"
                           "Um, no sir. Thank you so much, Mr. Petrakis." She was twisting her fingers again. I realized that it was her habit.
                          I nodded my head, and raised a hand, to dismiss her. I saw her strode out of my office. She was about to open the door, when she turned around and looked at me again.
                           "Mr. Petrakis. I know it's not my concern, but I overheard a group of men in the comfort room. They mentioned about agreeing to bid  for the Japan Shipyard, only if you will increase their share."
                           "What!" I stood up, so surprise by her statement. "Are you sure?"
                           "Yes. They said, that you wanted to get hold of the shipyard because of the gold bars hidden underneath it. "
                           "Damn those moneysucking idiots!" I groaned angrily. All the time and effort I made to have them agree to bid on that shipyard, and all the while, they only wanted an increase in their share. Bloody hell!
                           "Um, that's all I've heard... and... and... I have to go." She immediately spun around and left.
                          Later that evening, I had dinner with Kendra and my family in one of New York's finest restaurants, where, delicious international seafood cuisine were served.
                           I realized, it was a very bad idea for Kendra to meet my family.
                           What the hell! She was trying too hard to impress my family. She manipulated the conversation, talking about fashion shows, signature bags, shoes, dresses, jewelries and even money, jets and lamborghinis. Dammit! She even gave the impression that we were seriously having an affair.
                            I had to get rid of her, I knew her kind. She was the type who would drag me to the altar.
                            "We met in a party. The moment our eyes met, I knew, he was the right man for me." Kendra held my hand. "Eros is very charming, romantic and so caring."
                            "Wow! Are you sure you're talking about my brother?" Chloe, my younger sister frowned at Kendra.
                            "Chloe, stop it." Mom scolded Chloe. "Your brother can be very romantic too, like your dad."
                            "I think I just spotted Iñigo entered the restaurant with a beautiful blond." I lied. I knew my sister would freak out by the mention of Iñigo's name. Iñigo was her ex-boyfriend who broke up with her during her sixteenth birthday, almost four years ago.
                          "Really? You're kidding me, right?" Chloe was panicking, her face turned pale.
                           "No. He's coming right behind you." I teased her. I knew she would hate me, later.
                           She turned around and saw no trace of Iñigo behind her. Then she glared at me and mouthed the words. Asshole!
                           "Chloe! That's a very bad word, so unlady-like." My father, Markos Petrakis, said firmly at my sister.
                            "What? I haven't said anyting." Chloe rolled her eyes.
                           "Ohhhh, I envy your family. Eros teasing Chloe, is so sweet. I wish I have a family like yours." Kendra said, then suddenly she hugged me. "Eros, I can't help it anymore, I have something to say to you, right here, right now. This is very important." She wiped some moisture in her eyes with a table napkin.
                           "What?  Are you.... Oh God!" I was so confused. My heart pounded so fast. What is she trying to tell me? And why is she crying?
                           I looked at my mom, my dad and Chloe. They looked so pale, waiting for Kendra to finish what she was saying.
                           "I'm really happy that your family is here, and they will hear what I'm going to say to you."
                           "Kendra. What are you trying to say?" I was getting so annoyed of her being such a drama queen.
                           She inhaled deeply, and tears were pooling in her eyes. "Eros, this will be the first time that I'm going to say this. I've never said this to any man. I'll say  this to you, only you. I swear. And I want your family to hear this." She paused and shifted her gaze from each member of my family, then back to me, slowly and very dramatic. "I LOVE YOU EROS, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, WITH ALL MY HEART."
                           I was choked on the wine, I was drinking, and coughed vigorously. She loves me? Damn it. Love was not part of our arrangement, when we started having sex. She was crossing the line! It was just plain SEX between us, no emotions or feelings involved. And what the hell was she thinking, declaring her love in front of my family, what was she trying to do?
                           "That's it? What else?"
                           "I love you. Doesn't it mean anything to you? You're the only man I've ever said that to." Kendra's eyes narrowed and her eyebrows were pulled together in a crease.
                           Actually, I felt so relieved, as well as my family. I knew we were thinking the same. We thought she would say, that she was pregnant. Thanks goodness, she wasn't. She gave us a fright.
                           "Well, what do you want me to say?" I asked her.
                           "I want you to admit your feelings for me, too. Tell me honey, do you love me too?" Her voice purred like a kitten.
                           I looked directly at her eyes, and gave her my very honest answer. "NO."
                          
                           ***Don't forget to Vote, comment and share to your friends.***

Chapter Nine

Chapter Nine (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          "You don't need to hide anything from me. I love you. I love you. Not that flirty girl I met at the farm house... not that sex machine I lived with at the prison... you. Every flaw every quirk... I love everything about you -  everything that makes you... you. I love you, Maggie." – Glenn to Maggie, Walking Dead.
                          Jade's POV
                          "Wow! Congrats sis. You made it." Sapphire exclaimed with glee, when I told her that I got hired by Mr. Petrakis.
                          "Yeah. I still couldn't believe it. I have to pinch myself several times. Finally I got a new job!" I put my bag on the couch and removed my wig. Then I combed my ginger long hair with my hand.
                          "Did he give you the same offer?" Her eyes widened excitedly.
                          "Yup, he did. He's a man with honor." I smiled from ear to ear, sharing the good news to my sister.
                          "YES! Yes! Hahaha!" Saph shrieked with happiness, jumping up and down. Then I joined her. We were just like kids, leaping together with our hands clasped, then hugging each other. We couldn't help it, we were overjoyed. It was like hitting the jackpot.
                          "What's going on?" My mom came out of the bedroom. "What's the good news?"
                          "Oh mom! You wouldn't believe it. Jade got hired by a billionaire."
                          "A billionaire?" My mom's eyes widened. "Who?"
                          "Eros Petrakis, mom. His family owns a huge shipping company." I informed my mother, Ruby Collins.
                          "Oh my God! He's Markos Petrakis' son! He's extremely rich and very influential."
                          "You know him mom?"
                          "Of course. Their family is one of the richest in the world and very aristocratic. They were often featured in forbes magazine. I've also read some rumors that Eros Petrakis is not an easy person to work with. He's a perfectionist, an evil in the workplace, and known to be very strict. He's a workaholic like his father."
                          "Yup, that could be right. He seemed so reserved, very formal and so unreachable. I've never even seen him smile. If you've seen him in his office, you could tell that he only thinks about the business and money." I suddenly burst out laughing, thinking of Eros Petrakis.
                          "What's so funny about that?" Saph asked, observing my reaction.
                          "He suddenly fell asleep when he interviewed me."
                          "That's so weird, why?" Mom asked curiously.
                          I shrugged my shoulders and laughed aloud.
                          "He was probably bored with your story." Saph tried to guess what really happened. Then they started laughing at me.
                          "Maybe, but I think he was just so tired. I was trying to wake him up, but he was sleeping so peacefully. So, I decided to wake up him up, the same way I did with dad."
                          "Oh NO! Don't tell me you sang I Will Always Love You? Hahaha!" Saph's eyes widened then suddenly, she burst out laughing.
                          "My goodness, Jade. Why did you do that?"
                          "I don't have a choice. Or else, he would sleep till morning. I already waited six hours to have that interview."
                          "Sis, you are incredible! I really admire you, you are the best. Hahaha! So you woke him up with your screeching voice."


My face flushed. I suddenly felt so embarrass for what I did. I wished I didn't sing. Eros Petrakis might think that I was so stupid. Darn.
                          "Yup, and now, I regretted doing it." I know I sang like a badly drank karaoke singer in pubs, but I loved music, and I loved to sing. But it seemed like music didn't love me back.  
                          I used to sing in the shower and poured my heart out, every morning before going to school. It was my way of waking dad also. Yes, he would wake up because of my horrible voice.I became his alarm clock. My family often teased me about it that it became a household joke. I had to at that time, so we wouldn't be late. Every weekday, he would drop me in our school before he headed to his work.
                          "But you need to be very careful Jade. It's not easy to work with a man like Eros Petrakis, so authoritative and high handed. You have to be very patient."
                          "I know. That's what I thought too. He thinks he's so high and mighty. He was even so rude and arrogant when I first saw him in the coffee shop." My shoulders slumped all of a sudden. I remembered when we collided outside the coffee shop, he never apologized and didn't accept his fault. Then, in his office, when I was hired, he dismissed me abruptly.
                          "But, you will be getting a triple of your salary at the coffee shop." Saph butted in. "That's a lot of money. Just look at the bright side, Dee."
                          "That much? What exactly is your job?" Mom got very suspicious all of a sudden.
                          "Yes mom. I... I'll be working as his... er... his... um..."
                          "His what? Don't tell me you're going to sell your soul to the devil." Mom's voice started to rise.
                          "What? What are you talking about, mom. Of course not."
                          "She was hired to prepare his coffee." Saph interrupted.
                          "To prepare his coffee? So you are his secretary?"
                          "Actually, no. I'll be preparing his coffee only."
                           "What? I don't understand. I'm sure he has a secretary or personal assistant to do that. How come he'll be paying you with that big amount? That's impossible."
                          "Mom, calm down. I'll tell you what really happened."
                          I explained everything to my mom, about Mr. Petrakis' visit at the coffee shop, his likeness for the cup of espresso I made and his unexpected offer. "So, that's it."
                          "He must really enjoy the coffee you prepared. Any sane person wouldn't offer that, no matter how rich he is. When are you going to start working for him?"
                          "Tomorrow. I have to be there in his apartment at exactly five in the morning."
                          "That early? Why in his apartment? I thought you'll be working in his office." Mom asked too many questions. She was so curious and worried too.
                          I sighed. "He probably drinks his coffee at five a.m., when he wakes up."
                          "Wow, an early riser billionaire." Saph giggled. "He's very handsome too, and a hottie. I guess, he jogs every morning, or do exercises like sit-ups, push-ups and bench press."
                          I shrugged my shoulders. "He's no prince charming, Saph."
                          "I disagree. Prince charming has flaws as well. No one's perfect, Dee."
                          "O-kayyy... whatever."
                          "How long will you be working with him?" Mom continued asking me questions.
                          "I don't know mom, he didn't say anything about it. We don't even have a contract."
                          Mom shook her head in dismay. "So what is your job description, his housekeeper?"


"Er... um... sort of."
                          "You were a cashier in the coffee shop. I was expecting you to work the same job."
                          I strode towards my mom, who was sitting on an armchair. I sat on the arm rest and hugged her. "Mom, it doesn't matter anymore. Just think of the money we'll be getting. We will have enough and we could save more. I don't mind being a housekeeper. It's an honest job."
                          It was true. We would have enough money for my mom's supplements and medical expenses, pay the bills and house rental, buy the food that we used to eat when dad was still healthy and alive, buy new dresses for mom and Sapphire and even dine in a restaurant once in a while. With the extra money, I could also save for college. I would probably enroll in an online degree program and work at the same time.
                          "You are so kind, Jade. I'm so lucky to have you as my daughter. You shouldered my responsibility of taking care of our family. If only, I could help you..." My mom started to cry again because of self pity. A scene which I often avoided.
                          "Shhh... mom, please stop crying. I love you and Sapphire. Taking care of you both is not a burden. Don't worry, I can handle this. I'll do my job well, and make Mr. Petrakis happy with his coffee. Mom, please stop crying, it's not good for your heart. We should be glad that I have a job now, right?" I wiped the tears on my mom's cheeks with the tissue paper that Sapphire handed on me.
                          "Right. We are here for you, mom. We love you so much. You gave up your job before, to look after us, now is our turn to take care of you." Saph hugged us. "Hey, why are we crying, we should celebrate. Let's order some Pizza. My treat this time."
                          "Really? You have money?"
                          "Er... no. You pay now, but promise, I'll pay you next week, after the cosplay contest. I'll be dressing up as Yuna." Saph's lips twisted in embarrassment, while her hand was scratching her head.
                          I shook my head and just smiled at my sister. I was convinced that she would win in the cosplay event, because she often did.
                          The following morning, I arrived at Eros Petrakis' apartment, a quarter before five.
                          After I passed the interrogations from the fully loaded security guards at the lobby, they finally let me in. I was escorted by a man in black suit, who looked like Rick Grimes of The Walking Dead. His eyes were appraising my appearance openly, from my worn out brown leather boots, to my green loose dress with red cherries on it, and then to my big black wig.  He was looking at me strangely as if I came from another planet. I smiled at him, and he smiled back, but suddenly turned his back on me. It was just so awkward.
                          An older woman opened the door of the penthouse. She introduced herself as Doris Kelly. She was in her late fifties, single, and Irish. She managed the whole apartment of Eros Petrakis.
                          Eros Petrakis' apartment happened to be a very luxurious Hotel penthouse located at Fifth Avenue on the Upper East Side of New York. The 58-storey building was the property of the Petrakis family. The penthouse occupied the entire 56th, 57th, and 58th floors. The entire apartment contained 16 rooms, including 5 en-suite bedrooms and six and half bathrooms, plus 4 terraces with sweeping views of Manhattan. The living spaces were grand with 23-foot-high ceilings, large windows and architectural details. A private elevator connected all three floors, and the home had a separate guest suite and staff residences. The place had a private swimming pool, a fully equipped gym, a theatre room, a library, a music room, etc.
                          I was speechless when I stepped inside the penthouse. It was so beautiful  and the view outside was breathtaking.
                          The color black and brown dominated the room. The black sofa was so elegant and looked so comfortable. The brown carpet was spotless, that I was afraid to step on it, in case I had dirt on my boots. The wooden furnitures looked so glossy and expensive, that if I touched it, my fingers would surely leave a mark on it.
                          Doris showed me the kitchen. I was really amazed. It was so huge and was fully equipped with expensive appliances. The full height refrigerator-freezer, gas range, rotisserie, 30-inch wall oven, warming drawer and double espresso machine was embedded in the kitchen cabinetry. Everything in the kitchen was made of stainless steel.
                          "You like it?" Doris smiled at me.
                          "Yeah... I couldn't believe that this huge kitchen caters only one person."
                          "Well, that's the privilege of the rich."
                          "Lucky him. My family and I rented a very small apartment, I think, only one fourth of the size of this kitchen."
                          "Really? The Petrakis family owns the building. Mr. Eros could occupy the whole 58 floors, if he wants too."
                          "Wow.  Our apartment would look like a rat's home compared  to this."
                          Doris just smiled at me. "I'll see you later. I'm going back to the staff residence for a while. Just get yourself oriented with the kitchen. You can also check the boxes of coffee in the cabinet below the coffee machine."
                          "Okay, thanks Miss Kelly."
                          "Oh! Just call me Doris."
                          "Er... um... sure, Doris. By the way, is Mr. Petrakis already awake?" I checked the time in my wristwatch, it was already 5:15 a.m.
                          "Hmm, I don't think so."
                          "How will I know if he wants his coffee?"
                          "You will know. There's an intercom in every room. Just stay here in the kitchen, okay? Have to go, now."
                          "Okay, see yah." The moment I was alone, I checked the cabinets. I saw different types of coffee. Mostly very expensive and imported coffee beans, granules and powder. I shook my head and went to get something inside my bag. A zip loc of coffee beans. It was the same coffee beans that Mrs. Chang's coffee shop used. I bought it from the supplier, before I went home yesterday.
                          After an hour, I was still in the kitchen waiting for Mr. Petrakis to wake up and ask for his coffee. I checked my time, it was six fifteen. Where is he? Is he still on his bed? 
                          Another hour had passed, but still no sign of Mr. Petrakis.
                          Oh God, I feel so sleepy waiting for him to ask for his coffee. I woke up at three in the morning, and now, my eyes won't stay open.
                          I checked the time in my wristwatch every ten minutes... seven twenty... seven thirty... eight o'clock.... Then my eyes suddenly refused to open anymore. I fell asleep on my seat, and my head was on the counter table.
                          I was dreaming... of a man, looming over me. His face was just a mere inches from mine. He smelled of after shaving cream, soap and musk. Hmm... pure male scent. His eyes were filled with passion and carnal cravings, undressing me, slowly, with his eyes....
                          Suddenly my eyes opened and there he was, the man in my dream, looming over me, with intense anger in his eyes.
                          "Where's my coffee, Miss Collins! I've been calling you in the intercom, three times already. I don't tolerate my employees sleeping while at work!" Eros Petrakis curtly said.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your  friends.***

Chapter Ten

Chapter Ten (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "I love you Elena, and it is because I love you that I can't be selfish with you. And why you can't know this, I don't deserve you . . . but my brother does. God I wish you didn't have to forget this . . . but you do." – Damon Salvatore to Elena Gilbert, VAMPIRE DIARIES by L.J. Smith
                          Eros's POV
                          F**kg Sh*t! I groaned when I received another kick on my thigh. I was thrown off balance and landed flat on the floor. 
                          Damn this big kid! My opponent was a previous Mushin Mixed Martial Arts Champion, Dick Reed. He was really good, so good. Donovan invited him to be my sparring partner this morning.
                          Kickboxing was a stand-up combat sports. I practiced it for self-defense, general fitness and as a contact sport. Donovan, who was a previous kickboxing champion, was my mentor. He taught me everything he knew about it. 
                          I never experienced joining any kickboxing competition and was not interested of doing such. I had other priorities in life and many people relied on me. I was contented of inviting professional kickboxers, once in a while, to be sparring partners. We did it, thrice a week, early morning.
                          I sat down and slowly stood up, conserving my energy. I faced my opponent and through right timing, I whipped a jab on his face, again and again, until he became frustrated and more aggressive. He made several counter attack on me but I evaded. I was dancing around him, landing jab after jab. The technique to distract, counter attack, unbalance and gauge the opponent's reaction before applying a powerful strike. 
                          Then, I made a swift glance to the wall clock, it was already seven a.m. time for my coffee... I faced my opponent squarely, who already looked upset. In a speed of lightning, I gave him a fast jab that demoralized him and allowed myself to execute powerful follow-ups with my other weapons, superior speed punches and kicks.
                          Instantly, my opponent fell on the floor, beaten. 
                          After fifteen minutes, I was in my bedroom, removing my clothes, to take a shower. At the same time, I was watching at my 84-inch Internet TV that was also connected to the CCTV of the entire building. 
                          I saw Jade in the kitchen, sitting there all alone. She was probably very sleepy because her head kept on falling off her shoulders. I grinned and went directly to the bathroom. 
                          I removed the towel on my hips and turned the shower. I let the cold water ran all over my body for a while before I shampooed my hair.
                          I recalled seeing Jade entered the building earlier. My eyes suddenly focused on her. I didn't understand why I found everything about her, amusing.
                          I was at the back corner of the lobby talking with Dick Reed, the kickboxer. She obviously didn't notice me, because she was focused on answering the questions of the security guards. She looked like a scared rabbit surrounded by big wolves.
                          I immediately called the head security of the building, Rod Brent. "Cut the interrogation, you're scaring the girl. Let her in, now."
                          In a flash, Jade was escorted by Rod, in going up to my penthouse.
                          Finally, I was able to sleep well last night. Our family dinner ended early because mom had a headache. I knew it was just her alibi. She obviously noticed the tension that escalated between Kendra and me.  
                          I knew I hurt Kendra's feelings. I have to. She knew from the very start that falling in love was not part of our deal. She asked me a question, and I just answered her honestly. 


I remembered the mixed emotions that played on Kendra's face when I said NO. She suddenly looked so pale, despite her heavy make up. I thought she was about to cry and get hysterical. But, she cleared her throat and lifted her chin up. She appeared fully recovered. Then, she gave us her practiced smile, like she always did in her print ads.
                          "It's okay, Eros. You will love me sooner or later." She confidently said, with her thick eyelashes battering on me.
                          You're wrong. My brain answered. I chose not to argue with her statement. I didn't want to pursue the issue anymore.
                          I took Kendra home. The truth that I didn't love her, had no effect on her behaviour towards me. She still clung like a leech! And this time, she became more aggressive.
                          This should stop before she will expect too much from me. She crossed the bounderies we set in our relationship. She even looks determine to take it to a higher level.
                          "Kendra, we should stop seeing each other. It's time to part ways."
                          "Why? You found another f*cking buddy? HA! Men don't discard me, Eros. I do. I'll be the one to call a halt, not you. Remember that." She suddenly went out of the car and banged the door forcefully.
                          Damn, this is my favorite car. I gritted my teeth, when she left.
                          She was furious. Good! It was better that way. I hope, she would leave me alone now.
                          I was watching Jade on the TV screen, sleeping. She looked so tired. I continued observing her while I put on my white Tshirt and trousers. 
                          Yeah, I pitied her, waking up so early to come here for work. But, that was her job. She was well paid for it. Work should be valued. It was a blessing and a commitment that one should take seriously.
                          I may be rich. But still, I rose early, worked hard and stroke a business opportunity. That was my formula for success.  
                          I checked the time on my watch, it was eight a.m. I went out of my room and strode directly to the kitchen. Then, I saw Jade, sleeping quietly. Her arms pillowed her head on the counter table.
                          I observed her for a while, studying her face while sleeping. My thoughts suddenly drifted to the past.
                          No. She couldn't be her.
                          I went to the fridge and took some eggs and sausages. Yup, I cooked my own breakfast, sometimes, dinner. I enjoyed the liberty of scanning the fridge and chose my own meal. I was a big man with a big appetite, besides I was conscious of what I ate. That was part of keeping fit and healthy. 
                          After I toasted some bread, and fried the eggs and the sausages, I put the food on the kitchen table. My breakfast was ready, except for my coffee. I was really anticipating the taste of my coffee since I woke up.
                          I looked at Jade, and she was still sleeping peacefully. I went closer to her to wake her. Then, I noticed the hi-tech CCTV camera blinked with a faint screeching sound and moved slowly to focus. Damn!
                          "Where's my coffee, Miss Collins! I've been calling you in the intercom, three times already." I lied. "I don't tolerate my employees sleeping while at work!"
                          Her eyes suddenly open wide. Shock and terror was visible on her face. She immediately scrambled off her seat and rubbed her eyes, fixing her hair and her dress.
                          "I... I'm sorry, Mr. Petrakis. That won't happen again... promise."
                          "Make sure you keep your word, because next time I'll caught you sleeping, you will be automatically fired."
                          "Er... I won't do that again, sir... I swear." She was flushing with embarassment.
                          I nodded and went to the kitchen table to sit down. "I want my coffee now."
                          "Yes... yes sir." She replied and ran towards the coffee machine.
                          I started eating my breakfast while waiting for my coffee. After about three minutes, Jade put my coffee in front of me. The aroma of the coffee was glorious and delicious. It gave me a very pleasurable feeling. 
                          Jade's POV
                          "Sit."
                          Huh? What did he say? "Er... what, sir?" I asked him again, making sure that I heard right.
                          "I said, sit." He said again, pointing at the chair in front of him. Hmph! I suddenly remembered dad saying Sit! Doggy, sit! When he was trying to teach, Shaggy, my dog to sit down.
                          Just like an obedient dog, I sat in front of him, in the kitchen table.
                          "Eat." He said, pushing a plate of two toasted bread, an egg and two sausages.
                          My temper suddenly rose. He was talking to me in monosyllables, like I was a dog, or a toddler. I thought he was so smart and studied in an exclusive school. Where's his manners?
                          "No, thank you. I... I'm not hungry. I already had my breakfast."
                          He suddenly put down his spoon and fork, then glared at me. "And what time was that?"
                          "Um... around 3:30 a.m."
                          "It's already 8 o'clock Miss Collins. Stop talking and eat." He firmly said and continued eating his breakfast.
                          I slowly took the spoon and fork. I felt so awkward, having breakfast with my boss. I looked at the food... hmmm... it smelled so delicious and my stomach suddenly gurgled. 
                          This was really embarrassing. Mr. Petrakis caught me sleeping in my first day of work. I wondered why Doris didn't wake me up when she cook his breakfast.
                          I ate my breakfast with gusto. I didn't realize I was so hungry. I was halfway  done when I noticed him watching me, while sipping his coffee. With a swift glance, I looked at him then on his plate. It was empty. 
                          This is getting so weird. Why am I eating breakfast with my boss?
                          "You should eat plenty, you are so thin. You can't perform your job well with an empty stomach." Preach! Oh my goodness, and he was even looking at me like I was a stray pet, eating his scraps. 
                          I didn't have a choice but to stay quiet. He was my boss, and I was at his mercy. I need the job or else, my family and I would starve. But -  if only... if only I had a choice...
                          Be calm Jade... take a deep breath. I said to myself.
                          I was surprised when he suddenly stood up and said. "When you're done. You can go."
                          What? I'm done here? My eyebrows lifted up in surprise.
                          "Sleep early tonight, so you won't be sleeping at work tomorrow."
                          "Er... yes, sir."
                          He nodded and immediately left me alone in the kitchen.
                          
                          Don't forget to Comment, Vote and Share.
                          

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Eleven (UNEDITED)
                          --Kindly put your playlist here-
                          ". . . my breathing suddenly went still. I looked at Jamie, then up to the ceiling and around the room, doing my best to keep my composure, then back to Jamie again. She smiled at me and I smiled at her and all I could do was wonder how I'd ever fallen in love with a girl like Jamie Sullivan." 
                          - Landon Carter, from the movie/book: A Walk To Remember by Nicholas Sparks
                          Jade's POV
                          For six months, I worked as Eros Petrakis coffee girl, everyday.
                          My daily routine was - sleepwalking at three a.m. - woke up in the shower - breakfast at three thirty - and ran to the nearest bus station at four. I had to make sure that I arrived at his apartment before five.
                          Yup, it was a dream job, a very easy one with a bigger salary. I only had to make coffee for a billionaire.
                          Mr. Petrakis asked for his coffee once in the morning, but in different time.
                          Mostly, when he woke up at five. I served his coffee either in his study room, where he was always so engrossed with his work, and wouldn't even bother to glance at me everytime I entered the room. Or in the breakfast table, before he would leave to join his fellow kickboxers in the gym at the lower ground floor of the building.
                          Sometimes, after he had showered, shaved and changed in his business suit - before he would leave for his office.
                          He either ate in the kitchen when he was cooking, or in the breakfast table, when a chef cook for him. It really depends on his mood. A few times, he skipped breakfast and only wanted his coffee.
                          But there were times also, when Doris would text me to inform that I wouldn't have to report for work. Mr. Petrakis would be gone for days or a week, because he was out of the country, or in conference in another state, or have a business deal in another continent, etc.
                          And me - I tried to be invisible to him. I stayed at the staff residences with Doris and the rest of the household help, after I made his coffee. The staffs were not allowed to be seen by Mr. Petrakis, unless being summoned. So everyone should keep out of his way when he was in his apartment.
                          Every day that I spent in the staff residences, I learned a lot about Eros Petrakis - his likes and dislikes, his mood, his rules, his negative and positive traits - and even about his escapades, his past girlfriends, his family and their businesses and a lot more. I couldn't help it, the staffs fed me with too much information.
                          He was a perfectionist, wanted everything in his apartment organized, neatly arranged, clean and spotless. Most of all, he didn't like noise. So, the whole apartment was like an empty church, very solemn.
                          He was also a workaholic. According to Doris, he often spent time working in his study. Sometimes, he just slept on his chair the whole night, and then, started working again when he woke up.
                          "I don't know why he is working too hard. He is already mega-rich. His parents are always travelling around the world and his sister, Chloe, always goes shopping and partying with friends. He should join them sometimes and delegate some of his work." Doris said.
                          "Yeah. Maybe he is working on confidential matters, that's why he just can't delegate it to anyone."
                          "Hmm... maybe, you're right. I heard from Donovan that he's funding scientists in research for vaccine on various diseases."
                          "Really?" I was surprised by the news.
                          "Yeah. He's pretty generous."
                          The staffs were very friendly and seemed very happy with their job. I was sure they were well compensated too. There were six of them living in the staff residences area of the building, excluding Doris.
                          Eugene and Kate Park, were middle-aged couple. Eugene was the chef, and Kate helped Doris organized the whole apartment. They lived in the staff residences area of the building. The rest of the household staffs, were Arthur, Jim, Charlotte and Almira.
                          After I was done with my work at eight in the morning, I stayed at the staff residences until three in the afternoon. Why? Because of the high speed internet in the building.
                          Nope, not for Facebook, Twitter or Instagram.
                          I was taking an online college degree program in Business Administration, good for thirty six months in one of the most affordable colleges in New York. I got enrolled five months ago, when I received my first salary. The school was very accomodating and catered to working students.
                          One early morning, I was still in the bus when Doris called me.
                          "Jade, where are you? Mr. Petrakis wants his coffee now."
                          "What?" I looked at my wristwatch, it was still four fifteen. "It's still too early."
                          "He was in bad mood when he arrived last night from Russia. He even asked for his coffee. Since you were not here, I made it for him."
                          Mr. Petrakis was gone for more than a week. Doris said, he went to Russia for a very important business deal. Well, it was a grand vacation for me - not to wake up too early in the morning.
                          "Did he like it?"
                          I heard Doris heaved a sigh. "Nope. He just took a little sip and pushed it away. Then he made his usual series of not too pleasant swear words."
                          "OH!" The devil.
                          "Hurry up, okay? He's waiting."
                          "I'm in the bus right now. I'll be there in about fifteen minutes."
                          "All right, I'll tell him."
                          At exactly four thirty, I arrived in his apartment.
                          "Mr. Petrakis wants his coffee to be served in his bedroom." Doris said the moment she opened the door.
                          "Oh! Er... okay, I will." A sudden shiver of nervousness ran down my spine at the thought of being in his bedroom - me and him - alone. I didn't like the thought of being in a bedroom with any man.
                          I knocked on his bedroom door after five minutes. When he didn't answer, I turned the doorknob, verryyy... slowly....
                          When the door was slightly open, I peeped inside.
                          The lights inside the room were dimmed, but everything could be seen clearly. It was a huge room, with the colors gray and white dominated the whole room. The interior design was modern and very masculine. There were floor to ceiling glass windows with the amazing panoramic view of the city.
                          I opened the door wider and went inside. I instantly saw Mr. Petrakis sprawled on a kingsize bed with white lenins and pillows.
                          My legs suddenly trembled and my pupils dilated. Oh God... He's naked!
                          He was sleeping on his stomach peacefully. His face turned to the side where his arm and leg rested upwards. A white blanket draped his buttocks. His back, thighs and legs were bare.
                          I noticed my hands were shaking. The cup and saucer that I was holding even rattled noisily.
                          "Er... um... Good morning, Mr. Petrakis, your... your coffee..."
                          Suddenly he stirred, then peeled off the blanket from his hips.
                          Then I heard, the breaking sound of cup and saucer on the tiled floor, echoed the whole room noisily.
                          
                          **Don't forget to Comment, Vote and Share**

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Twelve (UNEDITED)
                           --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "A real girl isn't perfect and a perfect girl isn't real."   ― Harry Styles
                          
                          Ero's POV
                          Holy Sh*t! That bitch really blew my deal in Russia! How would I know that she was the latest girlfriend of one of the Federal Cabinet Ministers.
                          The agreement to establish a complex program to advance production of the shipbuilding industry on the market had been approved already by the Russian Government. It envisaged the establishment of three shipping centers - Western, Northern and Far Eastern centers - in the next two years.
                          Petrakis International Holding Company wanted that project. I wanted that project, so badly. I wanted to win the partnership with the Russian Government in putting up the three shipyards.Closed. Signed. Sealed.
                          But, that bitch, Kendra Packer ruined everything we'd worked hard to win it. How I would love to tear her into pieces, right now.
                          Her latest lover was the most influential Russian Minister and my good friend. He offered us to bid for the shipyard project five months ago. He said, we were their priority because of our company's reputation of being the world's top shipping company - in reliability, durability, workmanship and hi tech designs. Another factor was, because of our friendship. The trust and respect that we had were incomparable.
                          But, the minister's statement changed all of a sudden. He became very hesitant in awarding the project to us. His usual very accomodating manner became sour. He became distant and evasive.Our 101% chances of winning the said project went down to nil.
                          I was certain Kendra had something to do with it. She smirked at me and held her head high arrogantly, during the Russian President's party the other night. Then she clung on her lover's arm and whispered something on his ear. Her lover, the minister, was obviously so besotted on her.
                          I was in the bar to get a drink for a lady friend, when Kendra suddenly appeared behind me.
                          "So, the great and almighty Eros Petrakis is here." Kendra said in a shrilled voice.
                          "Kendra." I turned around and gave her a warning look. She was a hysterical woman and wouldn't hesitate to create a scene in public.
                          Yup, like she did, six months ago at the lobby of my residential building. She was screaming and became hysterical when my security guards wouldn't let her in. She even slapped all my guards, including my head security, Rod Brent.
                          I had instructed my guards to ban Kendra Packer in the building. She became a nuisance, calling me all the time, appearing in the office, and anywhere in public to humiliate me. She became scandalous and dragging my name in the tabloids - gossips and false write ups about us seriously dating and even engaged.
                          She didn't understand the meaning of the word NO.
                          "You are a cold blooded bastard, Eros. You discarded me like a piece of sh*t. I'll make sure that you will regret what you did to me." She said in a soft voice, almost a whisper. Her eyes boldly met mine.
                          "Never enter a battle of wits, unarmed, you will never win."
                          "Really? HA! Not this time, Eros. I'll make sure that you won't get that shipyard agreement. I know that mind of yours work. You want that project, like a hungry wolf."


I raised my eyebrows with annoyance. "Kendra, such a pity little girl. I always thought of you as stupid. Now, I realize, you are a thousand-fold stupid than I thought. Why don't you go back to prep school, at least your vocabulary will broaden and not limit to the word YES." Yes, was her favourite word, especially on bed.
                          "Assh*le." She gritted her teeth and threw back her head.
                          I winked at her and then turned around to go.
                          "Eros..." I heard her calling me again. She suddenly appeared on my side, her hand touched my arm in a gentle caress. Her voice broke in a sob. "I'm sorry. I just miss you so badly... I still love you, Eros, so much. Please... let's talk and work things out. I can help you get that shipyard project."
                          I frowned and moved a step backward. Her touch made me cringed. "Excuse me, I'm not that desperate. I want the shipyard project but with you as the side dish, no way, even if you are served in a golden platter."
                          I immediately left her. Her face turned bright red with fury.
                          I tossed and turned, couldn't get a good position on the bed. Besides, I was so bothered, thinking about the Russian project.
                          I'd been away for more than a week. I had a workload of transactions waiting in my office, appointments, new deals, etc.
                          Yeah... I missed New York. This was home for me. I missed my family, my office, the privacy and peacefulness of my apartment... and most of all... I missed my coffee.
                          I remembered asking Doris a cup of coffee before I went to bed. I was so disappointed. She couldn't perfect the taste of my espresso, just like Jade did.
                          I wished Jade was here, to make me some coffee, so I could sleep well.
                          Jade's POV
                          "Holy f*cking shit! What the hell are you doing?" Eros Petrakis glared at me angrily. His curt voice lashed at me.
                          I stood paralyzed to where I was standing. My whole body felt numbed and trembled with fear. My boss looked like he was ready to murder me.
                          Oh God! I was so stupid. I thought he was naked! But he was wearing white boxer shorts. The image of him naked in front of me almost gave me a heart attack.
                          "Dammit! Go and get me another coffee. You are so clumsy. Get the hell out of here!"
                          I was so stunned and sickened, I repeated what he said. "I... I will get another coffee... I'm... I'm sorry, sir. I'm so stupid and clumsy." I swallowed the sob that rose in my throat.
                          "I didn't say stupid." He said with quiet emphasis.
                          Then I knelt down and picked the broken pieces on the floor. I was so worried because the broken cup and saucer were china wares and obviously cost a fortune. How am I going to pay this? My extra money is just enough for my tuition fee.
                          "For Christ's sake, don't touch it!"
                          His voice rose in volume, made me jolt with fright. I dropped the broken pieces on the floor again and immediately stood up.
                          "Now, you are being stupid." His voice grated harshly. Then he stood up and went towards me.
                          I closed my eyes with fear, imagining the horrible things that Mr. Petrakis could do to me.
                          God help me... he's going to wring my neck, or break my arm, or slap me, or... 
                          Then, I felt his hands lifted my hands. I instantly opened my eyes and saw him studying my fingers.
                          "Look what you've done. You've cut your fingers." His voice was stern without any vestige of sympathy.
                          OH! My fingers were bleeding. One, two, three... Three cuts. Now, I felt the tingling pain.
                          I started to panic. I hated blood. It reminded me of my dad, every time he had blood transfusion.
                          I'm feeling, dizzy. I'm going to faint.
                          "Come here." His voice cut my reverie. He sighed with exasperation and then dragged me to his bathroom.
                          I had no choice but to comply. I felt so weak to argue. My fingers were bleeding and the blood was dripping on the tiled floor.
                          He opened the faucet and let the water ran on my cuts. Then he started scolding me like a child.
                          "Haven't your parents taught you not to touch a broken glass?"
                          "Why are you so careless?"
                          "Don't ever touch a broken glass again, okay?"
                          "You are acting first without thinking."
                          "I hope you will learn from this."
                           Blah... blah... blah... Oh God, he was my boss, not my father.
                          He went out to get something and then returned in a minute with cotton, plaster, gauze and Neosporin.
                          He wiped my hands with a paper towel. "Er... it's okay. I can manage. This is only a scrape." I pulled my hands away, but he grasped my wrists with his iron fists.
                          "Behave. Stop acting like a child. This is not a scrape."
                          I was powerless to resist, so I stopped protesting and let him took care of my cuts. He made me sat down on the edge of an elegant bath tub. I looked up at him and felt embarrassed when my eyes collided on his V line abs. Oh my goodness!
                          I swallowed tightly as he dropped down on his knees, in front of me and held my hands again. My heart jolted and a quiver surged through my veins. The tingling pain of the cuts in my fingers became a delicious tingling sensation, like a hundred thousand bolts of electricity that travelled all over my body.
                          His touch was oddly soft and caressing on my fingers as he cleaned and covered my cuts. All the while, I kept on staring at his handsome features. He was more stunningly virile without his clothes on, totally male and devilishly gorgeous.
                          I breathed a sigh of relief when finally he was done putting plasters in my cuts. I was about to get up when his hands held my thighs.
                          I gasped, realizing a shiver of panic. "No, please... don't."
                          "Dammit. You have a cut in your knee."
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends***

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Thirteen (UNEDITED)
                          --Kindly put your playlist here-
                          "I love you so much Sophia. You are my one true love. No words could describe the happiness I felt right now. I am so grateful to God for giving me, you. Now that I have found you, I shall never let you go. I promise you Sophia, that I shall hold you and cherish you, and give you all my love and devotion that I shall support you and care for you. Faithfully, I shall always stand steadfast by your side with your hand in mine, regardless of what life would bring us. I take you now as my wife and shall remain so for the rest of my life."
                          - Enrique Monteiro's wedding vow to Sophia Castello in MY POSSESSIVE BILLIONAIRE by: sweetdreamer33
                          Jade's POV 
                          "What happened to your fingers?" Sapphire asked the moment she arrived from school.
                          "These are just small cuts. I dropped Mr. Petrakis' coffee this morning."
                          "Oh! Let me guess. You dropped it in front of him." She took my hands and examined my fingers.
                          "Yup."
                          "And you picked the broken pieces with your fingers?"
                          I nodded and Sapphire shook her head.
                          "I freaked out, okay. He yelled at me, calling me clumsy, careless..."
                          "And stupid." Saph added.
                          "Well...um... " I wanted to tell Saph that Mr. Petrakis only called me stupid when I picked the broken pieces. But, never mind, it didn't matter anyway.
                          "He needs a kick in the ass. I wish I'll be able to do that."
                          "You wish." I laughed at her. "He's not an easy man to cross with. He can ruin you, us, in just a snap of his fingers."
                          "He's ruthless." My mom butted in on our conversation when she came out of the kitchen.
                          "Yeah, he fires his employees easily. I thought he was going to fire me this morning." I winced at the thought. We were living comfortably now that I was working with Mr. Petrakis.
                          "Really? Thanks God he didn't. Christmas is coming and I'm already excited having turkey for dinner." Saph chuckled.
                          "Thank your lucky star, Jade that he was not in the mood to fire you. Anyway, who attended your cuts? It's good that someone with a good soul took care of that."
                          "Er...um... actually it was... "
                          "Oh Dee! I forgot to tell you. I chatted with Joseph last night." Sapphire cut off my statement.
                          My heart suddenly leap with unexplainable pleasure when she mentioned Joseph.
                          "He said, he missed you. He can't understand why you don't want to talk to him. Whatever your reasons are, whether you're angry or not, he apologized."
                          I heaved a sigh. "You know the real reason, Saph. I can't face him anymore."
                          "Why? That's not something to be ashamed of. You're still the old Jade. Whatever happened, you have to move on."
                          "Please, I don't want to talk about it now." I wished Saph would shut up. I didn't want to talk about the past. It seemed like it was just yesterday. The memories were still so fresh in my mind.
                          "But Dee..."
                          "Sapphire, stop it." Mom immediately scolded Saph.
                          Sapphire exhaled heavily. "Okay fine. But Joseph sends his regards to you. He wanted to know where you are, so he could visit you. I told him you're in Indonesia."


"In Indonesia? Doing what?"
                          "He didn't ask anymore. He probably knew that I was lying."
                          "Yeah, he's too smart to figure out that you lied." My mom said to Sapphire. She was setting the table for our dinner.
                          "Anyway, he's in his second year in med school now."
                          "Really? Good for him. It's his dream to become a doctor." I was so happy for Joseph. It was his advocation in life to help the poor. I was sure, he would be able to help more indigents once he became a doctor.
                          "Yeah, and it was your dream to marry him, remember?"
                          "Saph, don't make me mad at you. I can cut your allowance this week."
                          "I'm just kidding, Dee. By the way, Joseph sends his love to you." Saph teased me.
                          Love? I knew what kind of love he was talking about. A love for a sister.
                          I always made sure that I slept at exactly eight thirty in the evening. I had to sleep early because everyday, I woke up at three a.m. to go to work.
                          ♪♩♫ - I drove by all the places we used to hang out getting wastedI thought about our last kiss, how it felt the way you tastedAnd even though your friends tell me you're doing fine - ♪♩♫♭♮
                          I suddenly woke up at the sound of my phone's ring tone. Like a zombie, I sat down on my bed and peered at the wall clock. It was still ten o'clock in the evening. I groaned aloud.
                          Who could this be? 
                          I took my phone from the bedside table, hardly opening my eyes. My brain refused to function, cobwebs were scattered in it.
                          "Hello?" I said sleepily.
                          "I want my coffee, now." Eros Petrakis snapped, his voice echoed in my ears. Then he hung up. Rude.
                          I sprung my back on the bed. I remained immobile for two minutes and just stared at the ceiling.
                          "Who's that?" My mom asked me when she saw me wide-awake.
                          "My boss."
                          Fifteen minutes later, I was running towards the bus stop. At exactly eleven o'clock. I served the coffee to Mr. Eros Petrakis in his study room. He didn't even bother to glance at me, when I put the coffee on his desk. He was so engrossed with his work. His eyes were focused at the screen of his laptop. 
                          That night, I slept in the penthouse. Yeah, I wished in one of the luxurious bedrooms, with soft comfy queen beds and aromatic candles. But, I was sleeping in the kitchen. My head was leaning on top of the counter table. I didn't disturb Doris anymore, because she was already asleep when I arrived at the penthouse, as well as the rest of the staffs. 
                          The following day, the same thing happened. Mr. Petrakis called me at ten in the evening. He had me running to the bus stop again. I was panting so hard when I arrived at the penthouse at eleven. Right, I slept in the kitchen again. 
                          On the third night, I had a headache from not having enough sleep in three consecutive nights. I tried to sleep during the day, but I found it hard.
                          He called again at ten in the evening, same time. I couldn't run faster to the bus stop, my head throbbed. As expected, I missed the ten fifteen bus, so I waited for another fifteen minutes for the next one. The bus that I rode was moving so slow.
                          It was already eleven thirty when I made Mr. Petrakis' coffee. I was in a hurry, so I decided to skip the usual heart artwork design on his coffee.


"You're late." He snapped at me, the moment I entered his study room. His eyes lifted from the screen of his laptop and glared at me.
                          I froze. My head started to throb again and my heart pounded with fear.
                          "I... I missed the ten o'clock bus sir and...er..." I stammered. Then I put his coffee on his desk.
                          He looked at the coffee for a few seconds. One... two... three... then his eyes darkened dangerously as he glared at me.
                          He lifted the cup to his lips and took a little sip. Then he put it down with a clang, rattling the cup and saucer.
                          "This is the worse coffee that I've ever tasted." His lips twisted with distaste.
                          A cold shiver suddenly ran down in my body. I felt like I was splashed with a bucket of cold water. Worse coffee? He didn't like the coffee? My God, I'm in deep trouble.
                          "I made it well, sir. I swear, I used the same coffee beans and... and..."
                          "It's not the same... not anymore." He replied sharply.
                          "But, I measured everything well, the water, the coffee... the time..."
                          "You know what, you're not only clumsy, you're also stupid. You have no sense of time. I called you at exactly ten o'clock and you arrived at eleven thirty. You came here too late. I don't tolerate late employees. Do you hear me, Miss Collins?"
                          I wanted to scream at him so loud and curse him back to hell, where he belonged. I wished I had a magical power to turn him into a snake!
                          "Y... yes sir." I bit my lips to control my sob. My headache became worse. It was throbbing with pain.
                          "Go! Get me another coffee. Do it perfectly or you're fired." He said harshly.
                          My tears suddenly fell down on my cheeks. He was a monster, so rude and evil. "I... I quit." I said softly, almost a whisper.
                          "What?" He snapped at me again.
                          "I quit. I can't bear working with you anymore, Mr. Petrakis. You're so rude. I have feelings too and I'm human, like you. You're treating me like a slave that you just snapped at..."
                          "Shut up! Don't you dare lecture me, woman. If you want to quit, then quit. I don't want your damn coffee and I don't want to see your face again. Get out! Now!"
                          Eros POV
                          Damn, damn, dammit! What have I done? 
                          Maybe this was a good idea after all. It would stop me from thinking about her. She was not my type. She was out of my league. She was a nerd, old fashioned, unsophisticated and malnourished. 
                          I was insane, asking her to come to my penthouse every night. The truth was, I just wanted to see her. I didn't know what came over me. I just couldn't get her out of my mind. It started the moment I saw her... when we collided outside the coffee shop. Since then, I'd been so protective of her, captivated... and fancied her. 
                          But this had to stop. Everything about her should stop. 
                          I don't need someone like her in my life and I don't need her coffee.
                          Three nights after. I still couldn't sleep well. I kept on snapping at anyone in the office. I easily got irritated.
                          I gave up. I couldn't stand it anymore.
                          "Doris, call Jade. Tell her that her job is still available, if she wants to come back." I swallowed my pride. Dammit. I just missed her coffee. I knew she would come back. She needed the money to support her family and her studies.
                          Thirty minutes later, Doris informed me that Jade didn't want to come back anymore. Dammit!
                          "Why? Did she find another job?"
                          "No sir. She said she's still looking for one." Doris said.
                          Two days after, I decided to see Jade. I got her address in her CV.
                          I went to South Bronx, looking for the apartment that she and her family rented. I was so shocked that she was living in a crowded place. The place where she lived was so small. What the hell! 
                          I inhaled deeply and knocked at the door of their rented apartment. The door immediately opened and a young teenage girl stared at me with open mouth.
                          "Hi. I'm Eros Petrakis. Is Jade here?"
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.*** 
                          

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fourteen (UNEDITED)
                           --Kindly put your playlist here—
                           Blair: This has to be Chuck's dream  girl. Intelligent but not a bookworm. Strong-willed but still feminine. An equal. And he likes brunettes. With deep brown eyes.
                          Dorota: But Miss Blair, that's you. 
                          – from the TV series, Gossip Girl
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          BANG!!! 
                          The door suddenly slammed shut forcefully and loudly in front of my face.
                          Holy sh*t!
                          Shock yielded quickly to fury, as I stood frozen at the door.
                          That girl is mad!
                          "Hey!" I shouted and knocked on the door again. This time, I exerted more effort, knocking forcefully till my knuckles turned red. "Open the door. I want to talk to Jade."
                          Then there was a loud sound of music playing.
                          ♫♪♯  She be my queen Since we were sixteen We want the same things, We dream the same dreams, Alright (alright) ♫♪
                          That damn ill-bred murine could be Jade's sister. She mentioned in her interview that she lived with her mother and sister. Well, her sister really needed discipline. She was rude and bad-mannered. She was obviously absent when her teacher taught good manners and right conduct.
                          ♫♪I got it all 'Cause she is the one Her mum calls me love, Her dad calls me son, Alright (alright) ♪♯♫♪
                          I was knocking for almost fifteen minutes already when I decided to swallow my pride. I was losing my patience and that hard headed feline seemed to be so determined in ignoring me. I took my phone from my pants pocket and pressed Jade's phone number.
                          Her phone kept on ringing. I called her again... twice, then thrice. Dammit! She wouldn't answer my calls.
                          I pushed my hands inside my pants pockets and leaned my back on the wall, beside the door frame.
                          Jade is obviously not in the house and that stubborn murine is alone. I have to talk to Jade, to know if she's already working or not. Her sister is my only way of knowing her location, right now.
                          I decided to stop knocking. I knew that her sister would only open the door, if she thought that I already left. She was probably mad at me for firing Jade... no, actually, I didn't fire Jade, she quitted.
                          
                          Ten minutes later... as expected, the door opened. The same girl with brown hair and in Naruto Tshirt, looked at me with wide eyes. Her eyes lit with anger.
                          "You're still here!" She almost screamed and attempted to slam the door on my face again.
                          "Yeah, I am. And you're going to tell me now, where Jade is." I was quick in preventing her from closing the door by standing under the door jamb.
                          "Jade is not here, okay? So leave now!"
                          "Hey. You are a hot headed little mouse... where's your manners? You hid it in your closet?"
                          "Dee is right, you're rude. You called my sister malnourished, clumsy and stupid. And now!? You're calling me hot headed, mouse and with bad manners. HA!"


"Oh... so that's why you're mad at me. Sounds very interesting."
                          "Interesting, let's see if you'll still find it interesting if I kick your ass!"
                          "Tsk, tsk. Jade failed to mention that her sister has BPD."
                          "BPD?"
                          "Yeah. It's common for beautiful women."
                          Her skin between her eyebrows puckered and her lips twisted unpleasantly. "I'm not stupid, I know what's BPD. Excuse Mister, I don't have a borderline personality disorder. Besides, spare me with your flattery, I knew you don't mean it. So get out of her before I'll call the police."
                          I was impressed. She was a smart girl, but really had a bad temper.
                          "I'll leave after you tell me where Jade is."
                          "Well mister, she has gone to Asia for a long long visit. You won't see her again. She's reunited with her childhood sweetheart."
                          A pain suddenly squeezed my heart as I thought of Jade with another guy. Sh*t! Who cares! I don't want her, I just need her coffee.
                          But this girl was probably lying. Jade wouldn't go anywhere without her family. She was family oriented and their breadwinner. This little murine depended on her.
                          "Well, that's too bad. Tell Jade to come and see me immediately or I'll have her arrested. That cup she broke cost a century of her salary. It was a rare chinese Ming Dynasty cup. I'm sure you don't want your sister to spend Christmas in jail."
                          The anger on the girl's face was instantly replaced with horror. "N... no."
                          "Then be a good girl and tell her what I came for. She only has twenty-four hours to see me. Once the time lapses, I won't entertain her anymore. She has to face the consequence. Either she pays me or spend a lifetime in prison. I hope you understand me this time."
                          "Y... yes."
                          "See? You're now starting to become a good girl." I tapped her head then left her staring at me.
                          Jade's POV
                          I felt so exhausted, walking around Manhattan, hopping from one interview to another. I was applying for an office job, since I already earned a few units in college. Perhaps a secretarial job or any clerical/encoding jobs would do.
                          "I'm impressed with your very high grades, Miss Collins, despite being a working student."
                          "Thank you, sir. I made sure that..."
                          I was interviewed for a secretarial job when my phone suddenly rang noisily. The Human Resource Supervisor who interviewed me quirked his eyebrow questioningly.
                          "Er... excuse me, Sir."
                          He nodded and playfully tapped his pen on my CV, obviously annoyed of the interruption.
                          I hurriedly opened my big brown leather bag and dug my phone inside.
                          Oh... where is it... I grabbed my comb, my face powder, my wallet, my cologne... where's my phone? Then finally, it stopped ringing. Whew! Thanks God.
                          I put down my bag and sat straight on my seat. I focused my attention at the HR Supervisor who was studying my CV. His lips twisted and his dark eyebrows slanted in a frown.
                          Oh my goodness, he reminds me of my terror Physics teacher. Torturing us with 'impossible to finish' seatworks and grilled us during recitations.
                          "Can you tell me how will you handle working eight hours a day and at the same time studying..."
                          Ring!!! Ring!!! Ring!!! My phone started ringing noisily again. Oh God... whoever this is, I'm going to murder her or him.


"I'm sorry sir, excuse me, please... just a minute... sorry." I dug the phone in my bag again.
                          My mirror, my planner, the electricity bill, my diary... where's my phone! 
                          Then finally my phone stopped ringing when I got hold of it. I looked at the caller, darn, it was Mr. Eros Petrakis. My temper immediately flared.
                          Why is he calling me? What is it he wants from me? I already quit. I won't work for him anymore, making his precious coffee. The job won't make me a better person, I'll be stagnant doing domesticated works. I have to cultivate my knowledge, apply what I learned in school. Besides, I have pride and dignity too.
                          I put my phone in a silent mode, so we won't be distracted anymore. I focused my attention again to the interview.
                          "Miss Collins, we will just call you, okay? Anyway, you have your contact number here in your CV."
                          "But sir..."
                          "Good day, Miss Collins."
                          I gritted my teeth. I was certain that the HR supervisor would consider me for the job a while ago, and now my chances went down to zero. I hated Mr. Eros Petrakis for interrupting my interview. Whatever he wanted, I wouldn't ever answer his calls.
                          "You're right Dee. He's so rude and the most arrogant man I've ever met. He is like Klaus in The Vampire Diaries."
                          "Absolutely. Oh... I really hate him for ruining my job interview and for threatening me."
                          "So, are you going to see him tomorrow? You only have twelve hours left."
                          "I don't have any choice. I have to see the devil himself."
                          "Jade, just be nice to him. I'm sure he will understand that we don't have the money to pay that antique cup. If possible, you have to beg."
                          "Mom, that's the last thing that I would do. I won't ever beg on that lordly pompous ass. He thinks he's the most superior of all, the supreme being. He is not God, mom. He should realized that he is just an ordinary human being, like us."
                          "Yeah, right Dee." Saph tapped my back. "Tell him that, on his face. I dare you sis."
                          "A... um... I... maybe I will." I said to Saph.
                          "I wonder what made him like that." My mom sighed loudly.
                          "Maybe from too much drinking bitter coffee." Saph chuckled and added. "You should have put some sugar on his coffee Dee, to sweeten his bitter heart."
                          The following day, exactly nine in the morning, I arrived at the lobby of the Petrakis Head Office in Manhattan. The same receptionist who helped me get an appointment with Mr. Markos Petrakis before, recognized me, and told me the floor of Mr. Eros Petrakis' office.
                          There were many people in the lobby lining up for the elevators. I hurriedly ran towards the elevator without a line and then pressed the up button. Fortunately, the doors immediately opened and I stepped inside, then pressed the floor of Mr. Petrakis' office.
                          Prrrttttt!!!!... Prrrttttt!!!!...
                          The sound of the whistle made me snapped my head in surprise. There was a commotion outside and three security guards were running towards me in the elevator.
                          "Hey, Miss... that's a private elevator." One guard shouted.
                          Realizing my mistake, I pressed the open button, so I could step out, but accidentally, it was the close button that I pressed. I got confused with the arrows. The doors snapped shut immediately and the elevator was moving up. Oh God.
                          
                          A very pretty, young and gorgeous light blond-haired woman dressed in stylish pink executive suit was on the phone when I arrived at Mr. Petrakis floor.
                          "Yes, she's here. No... no... I'm sure Mr. Petrakis won't like that. I'll handle this." The woman said.
                          I smiled at her but she didn't smile back at me. I read her nameplate ---  Miss Pamela Leech – Personal Secretary. 
                          Oh.. yeah, I remember her.
                          "Hi, good morning maam. I'm Jade Collins, I'm here to see Mr. Eros Petrakis. I guess... um... he's expecting me." I said, the moment Miss Leech put down the phone.
                          "So you are Miss Collins. Yes, he's been expecting you since yesterday." One beautifully arched eyebrow of hers rose. Then she lifted her chin and her eyes were assessing me up and down.
                          "Ah.. um.. thank you." I replied.
                          "Next time Miss Collins, read the sign at the top of the elevator. It says PRIVATE. No one is allowed to use that elevator except for the bosses." She said pointing the elevator where I'd just stepped off. Her beautiful face was giving me a furious look.
                          "Sorry." I felt so embarrassed and being belittled. I was an idiot for missing the sign. "It won't happen again." Because, I'll make sure that I won't step in this building again.
                          "You've better not. You created a commotion downstairs. Your stupidity could cause..."
                          Ding!
                          I heard the elevator door suddenly opened.
                          Miss leech facial expression suddenly changed. She gave me a heartwarming smile, showing her beautiful even white teeth. "Good morning to you too, Miss Collins. Have a seat first."
                          My lips parted in surprise by her change of behaviour. Then I realized the reason why, when a man passed beside me and brushed his arm on mine. I looked at his back. He was walking towards his office. He ignored me as if I never existed.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Fifteen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused." ― Paulo Coelho
                          Eros' POV
                          I saw Jade the moment I went out of the elevator. Who would have miss Jade? She had her unique way of dressing up. She definitely would stand out in the crowd of women.
                          When most female species dressed in miniskirts to flaunt their legs, she wore long dresses that almost covered her limbs. When majority of women chose colorful and glossy fabrics to attack the attention of men, she used dull colors and matte fabrics so she wouldn't be noticed. And when girls used high heels to look more slim and stunning, Jade didn't have to, she was tall already and stunning in her own way.
                          Yeah, I intentionally brushed her arm so she would notice me, to draw her attention that – hey! I'm here. Her eyes were riveted on my secretary that she wasn't aware that I was just behind her.
                          I didn't know why my heart hammered foolishly everytime I was near her. Maybe because I found her funny, unique, fragile yet a strong-willed woman. She was beautiful in her own way. Her totally natural beauty was a change from seeing fake beauties everyday, in heavy make-up, false eyelashes and bottled hair color.
                          Or maybe... because of her perfume, cologne or lotion, whatever it was. She smelled like vanilla, an earthly kind of sweet, fresh and soothing to the nostrils. Something that I missed smelling every morning for the last six months.
                          I entered in my office and inhaled deeply. It never occurred to me how deeply her presence affected me. The excitement of seeing her again made all my senses came alive and my pulses raced rapidly.
                          What is wrong with me? She's just a woman.
                          But what made me cringed was the thought of how stupid I was in using a threat just to have Jade come and see me today. She left me no choice. She wouldn't answer my calls and was so stubborn in accepting my offer to come back and work for me again. Yeah, I was desperate and afraid that she was really serious in turning down my offer.
                          The threat I used about the Ming Dynasty cup just came up suddenly. I didn't know where in the world I got that. I was even surprised of what I just suggested. I was anxious to know where Jade was and her 'difficult to deal' little sister was not cooperative in telling me where she was.
                          Dammit! For threatening her about that cup, it probably just cost a dollar or even less – and here she was, getting apprehensive of breaking a rare piece of Chinese Ming Dynasty antique cup.
                          I felt guilty for threatening her, but at least - she was here. The only consolation that I could think about.
                          I strode towards my desk and sat down behind it. I took my phone and pressed a number.
                          "Good morning Mr. Petrakis." A man greeted on the other line.
                          "I need a house."
                          Jade's POV
                          Mr. Petakis was sitting behind his desk, talking on his phone. He never even glanced at me when I entered his office. His face was averted to his left and from time to time, glanced on his watch or on his table. He looked so busy, with files of documents on his desk, obviously for his perusal and signatures.


I stood in front of him and studied his appearance. His jet black hair glistened and combed neatly on his head. It was clearly wet from the shower. His face looked so fresh and cleanly shaven, with no trace of stubble. His gray Armani suit fitted on him nicely, like an armor - he looked so dashing, powerful and handsome, yup, exactly like a devil – and I hated him.
                          Five minutes. I stood in front of him for about five minutes. Waiting for him to finish his phone call. Then finally, he looked at me and put down his phone on his desk.
                          "Sit down, Miss Collins."
                          "Thank you." I heaved a sigh and sat down on a chair in front of his desk. I was trying so hard to control my temper and to be more polite. I just hope that he would be more sensible and understanding in resolving the problem with the antique cup.
                          "So, can you start tomorrow?"
                          "What?"
                          His eyebrows rose questioningly. "That's why you're here, to work for me again."
                          My teeth gritted. This devil really got under my nerves. He was so arrogant, implying that I came here to make his coffee again. In fact, I came here to make a bargain.
                          "No, I won't."
                          His eyes met mine disparagingly. "You don't have a choice. Either you work for me or pay that priceless antique cup."
                          "I have a choice, Mr. Petrakis. Every human being has a choice." I lifted my chin daring him to contradict my opinion.
                          "Not you." His mouth twisted in a threat. "That cup is worth thirty six million dollars. Tell me Miss Collins, how are you going to pay that amount if you won't work for me?"
                          My hands started to shake with despair. What?! Thirty six million dollars? I pressed my palms on my cheeks convulsively, trying to think of ways to deal the situation.
                          For goodness sake, how could I pay that antique chinese cup? It would take me more than a lifetime to pay that thing. Even my great grandchildern would bear such debts!
                          How could he allow that rare piece collection to be use as his daily espresso cup? It should be displayed only together with the priceless figurines, or put in a pedestal, where no one could touch it.
                          My mind was in chaos, thinking of ways to solve such dilemma. Oh God, please help me. I didn't know what to do to escape from this mess.
                          My head bowed and my body slumped in misery. "I apologize for breaking the cup, sir. Believe me, it was an accident. If you will allow me, I will pay for it - in installment basis... promise. Even if it would take a lifetime for me to pay the whole amount, I will."
                          He exhaled heavily. "Why do you burden yourself in paying for it when all you have to do is work for me. I'm offereing you back your job. It's an easy job with a good compensation, that any unemployed person here in New York would gladly take your place."
                          "I... I..." Grief and despair tore in my heart.
                          His brows drew together in a frown. "What's the problem, Miss Collins? Maybe you would like to enlighten me."
                          I swallowed the sob that rose in my throat. I looked at him and said. "I... I'm not happy anymore."
                          A muscle suddenly flicked at his jaw and his eyes slightly narrowed. "Why not?" He asked in an angry tone.
                          "Er... I don't know how to explain this, but... I hope you won't take this so badly, sir... I... I just think that... that..."
                          "What? Just say what you want to say."
                          I opened my mouth to say it, but no words would come out. My throat constricted from nervousness.
                          "Tell me, Jade, what is it?" His voice was velvet-edged and strong. The way he said my name, sent a shiver down my spine.
                          "I... I guess, it's time for me to stop making a cup of coffee for a living, sir,  and... and pursue a profession that is related to my course, in preparation for my future."
                          "What do you mean?"
                          "I prefer secretarial or clerical jobs, where I could apply the knowledge I gained from school. Since I started working with you sir, I enrolled in an online college degree program in Business Administration until now."
                          "I know."
                          "You knew?" All along he knew that I was studying. I couldn't believe it.
                          He leaned forward on his table, his face came closer to mine. I could smell his clean, musky male scent that leaped every cell of my brain. "Yeah. Doris told me."
                          "OH!" I leaned back on my seat and played with my fingers. Waiting for him to say anything.
                          "I knew that you stayed in the staff residence area until three in the afternoon because of the high speed internet connection."
                          "Er... um..."
                          "And I knew that you're doing so good in school. Doris said that you got very high grades."
                          "Um... thank you, sir."
                          He nodded and leaned back on his chair.
                          "So... can you start working tomorrow?"
                          "What?"
                          "As my personal assistant. Here in the office."
                          "Your personal assistant?" My eyes widened. I couldn't believe what I'd just heard. He's hiring me now?
                          "Yes. You will come with me, wherever I go, take dictation, join me in my meetings and conferences. Just like a secretary."
                          "Just like a secretary?" But what about Miss Leech? I wanted to ask him but decided to shut my mouth.
                          "Yeah, but... you still have to prepare my coffee."
                          I was so overwhelmed with joy. Is this real? He's not kidding me, right?
                          "So, what's your answer?"
                          "Are you serious, sir." I asked him again, to make sure that I was not dreaming.
                          He nodded. "Very serious, Miss Collins. So is it a yes?"
                          I smiled and give him my big YES.
                          "Good. So tomorrow you will report in my apartment at eight in the morning."
                          "In your apartment? I thought..."
                          "Just trust me, okay?"
                          "Yes, sir." I smiled happily. Trust. Can I really trust him?
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***
                          

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Sixteen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          SKINNY LOVE is when two people love each other but are too shy to admit it but they still show it. 
                          – www.urban dictionary.com
                          Jades' POV
                          "Hi Doris." My voice shrilled with excitement.
                          "Hello Jade, it's so nice to have you back. We missed you." She hugged me tightly, rocking me sidewards.
                          "Thanks, Doris, I missed all of you too." I hugged her back. She was always so sweet to me and motherly.  She opened the door wider to let me in.
                          "Mr. Petrakis is in the kitchen, cooking breakfast."
                          I was not surprise anymore. He cooked his own breakfast sometimes, maybe every time he was in a good mood or not too busy -  or the opposite, to relieve stress. I really don't know, he was unpredictable, like the weather.
                          Doris held my arm, drawing me closer to her. Then she whispered. "I think you're going to have breakfast with him. He asked me to set the kitchen table for two."
                          "Really?"
                          "Yes."
                          At once, I got nervous. The thought of eating breakfast with him in a small table made me edgy – and so awkward, like the last time. I couldn't help feeling so conscious of his nearness and I felt like my personal space was invaded.  
                          "I can't. I had my breakfast already."
                          "Oh dear, he'll be verrryy - disappointed. He made a special breakfast. Chicken sausages, AND... pancakes with fresh strawberry syrup."
                          I loved fresh strawberry syrup on my pancake with a lot of whipped cream. It was my favorite. Hmmm... I missed eating it with Doris in the kitchen.
                           "Oh... so tempting, but I'm full already."
                          "Well, that's too bad, dear." She smiled and left.
                          I strode towards the kitchen, still thinking of pancakes, fresh strawberries and whipped cream.
                          I saw Mr. Petrakis the moment I entered the kitchen. He looked so strikingly attractive wearing a white apron above his gray shirt and blue cotton shorts. His straight black hair was still wet from the shower. He looked so fresh and clean.
                          He was not aware of me watching him. He was putting a plate of sausages on the table. His head was bent down.
                          My eyes caught at the one lock that fell a little forward onto his head. I noticed that it always did whenever he bent down. I stared at it and was really tempted to brush it back on his head.
                          "Good morning, Mr. Petrakis."
                          He suddenly lifted his face and looked at me. His silvery gray eyes caught and held mine. I couldn't help it, I froze again.
                          "Sit down, join me for breakfast." He pointed a chair.
                          "Thank you sir, but I already had my breakfast."
                          "Then, have a cup of coffee."
                          I nodded. "Um, excuse me sir, I'll make your coffee." 
                          I went to the coffee machine and made his favorite cup of espresso. I took my time and made another cup for me, my favorite caffè latte. I looked over my shoulder and saw him reading a national daily newspaper.


I served his coffee first and came back with my caffè latte. I sat across him on the table, so nervous. I was playing with my fingers, lacing and twisting it. Yeah, a bad habit of mine when I was so edgy.
                          "Are you sure you're not going to eat?" He said, folding the newspaper and putting it at the side of the table.
                          "Um... yup. I'm so full."
                          "Okay." His eyebrows furrowed.
                          Mr. Petrakis put a piece of pancake on his plate, then he put on top of it, a spoonful of cream and fresh strawberry syrup. 
                          Yum! My mouth started to water and my stomach gurgled, staring at his plate.
                          He put down his plate and sipped on his coffee. I sipped on my caffè latte too, trying to divert my attention from the mouth watering pancake.
                          "What are you drinking?"
                          "Ah.. um... caffè latte."
                          "Is it good?"
                          "Yeah, I like it. It's very delicious. You should try it some time, sir." I said. My eyes couldn't help not looking at the pancake on his plate. It really looked so temptingly delicious.
                          "Hmm... maybe." He replied. "Are you sure you don't like to eat? This pancake is delicious."
                          "Um... er..."
                          "Here." He leaned forward and replaced my plate with his. 
                          I stared at the pancake in front of me now. I couldn't resist it anymore. My saliva poured in my mouth. 
                          "Thank you." I smiled at him and he just nodded.
                          I was so excited to eat it. Due to my excitement, my fork fell on the floor. Darn. I squirmed with embarrassment.
                          "Um... Excuse me, sir, I'll just get another fork." I stood up to get a fork at the counter drawer.
                          Eros' POV
                          Jade was so funny. She obviously liked to eat the pancake but she was resisting her cravings to eat it. I noticed how her eyes kept looking on my plate. She was really tempted.
                          I knew how she loved pancake with fresh strawberry syrup and lots of whipped cream on top. That's the reason why I made the pancake and the strawberry syrup, even though I was not fond of it. I just wanted to make her happy. Well, I didn't know why it was suddenly so important for me to please her... but maybe because, it pleased me too.
                          The moment she turned her back on me to get a fork at the counter drawer, I picked her cup and sipped on it. I was intrigued how delicious caffè latte was and curious too on why she liked it. 
                          I'd tasted caffè latte before and its taste never appealed to me. I found it too sweet, too weak and very light. The flavor and aroma of coffee was gone because of too much milk.
                          But Jade's caffè latte was different. Its flavor and aroma was unique and very tasty. Everything blended so well, the sweetness and bitterness of the coffee, not too strong and not to weak. Even the aroma of the espresso complemented with the freshness of the milk. Jade was right, it was indeed delicious.
                          I waited for her to come back on her seat, before we started eating together. I noticed her eating heartily. She obviously enjoyed her pancake. In impulse, I put a sausage on her plate. I thought she was going to refuse it, but she just smiled and said thank you.
                          I enjoyed watching her eat. Yep, not sexy, demure or anything. She just ate naturally and so relax -  no pretentions. She didn't care who was watching her. She just enjoyed her food with gusto.
                          Later, I gave up tying my necktie, so I went out of the bedroom with it undone. I was in the living room with Jade when I struggled to do my tie again. I already did it several times when Jade offered to tie it for me. 
                          "I gave up." I groaned aloud.
                          "I can help you with that, sir. I know how to do that."
                          I was surprised that Jade offered. Actually, I wasn't expecting that. 
                          "Sure." I replied.
                          Jade knotted my necktie so well, in just one try. I was amazed how her slim fingers skillfully eased my tie neatly in place.
                          "How did you learn to do this?"
                          "From my dad. I used to knot his tie for him, every morning." She said. Her eyes instantly welled with tears. She probably missed her dad.
                          I just nodded at her. I didn't want her to cry and became emotional. I possibly couldn't handle that – honestly, that was something that I couldn't understand in women. Sensitive. Emotional. Hysterical. Something that I tried to avoid dealing with.
                          I cleared my throat and diverted her attention. "Jade, before we'll go, I want you to bring your pen and notepad always with you. Okay?"
                          "Yes sir."
                          "Good, and from now on, use this phone. I already put my personal and business numbers in it." I took the latest model of iPhone from my pocket and handed it to her.
                          I saw her eyes widened with shock. Looking at the phone with awe. Her expression was like a child seeing Santa Claus standing beside a Christmas tree.
                          She held the phone with both hands, like she was afraid of dropping it. 
                          "It's yours. You can put whatever apps you want in it."
                          "Oh! This looks so exp... I mean..."
                          I knew what she meant. "Come on, let's go. We'll be late." I strode towards the door.
                          "Okay, Mr. Petrakis, um... thank you for the phone." She was following behind me, keeping up my pace.
                          I just nodded, then opened the door for her.
                          "And Jade..." 
                          "Yes, Mr. Petrakis?" She paused at the door and rose her eyebrows questioningly.
                          I held her eyes and smiled.
                          "Call me Eros, when we're alone."
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Seventeen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it. -  John Lennon, Musician, Songwriter and singer of The Beatles
                          
                          Jades' POV
                          
                          "Vingt-cinq milliards de dollars , ce est définitif ... oui ... oui ... si vous ne serez pas accepter mon offre, alors , je ne ai pas d'autre choix que d'acheter le chantier naval de votre concurrent au lieu ... eh bien , je vous ai donné suffisamment de temps pour penser déjà , président , je veux votre décision maintenant si je peux négocier pour mes projets alternatifs ... . Non ... je ai dit non . Ce ne est pas partie du plan . Bon, d'accord . Donc je suppose , ce est la fin de notre conversation ..."  
                          What? Is that Russia, German, Turkish... perhaps Norwegian? Or Filipino? I couldn't understand the language he was using.  
                          Mr. Petrakis... I mean, Eros, was on the phone, negotiating a business deal, since we were inside his car. He was using a wireless bluetooth earphone.
                          
                          I listened to him still trying to figure out the language he used. He had a nice voice, so male. Deep, composed and yet, edged with steel. He spoke with cool authority.
                          I leaned back against the cushion of the passenger seat, feeling its softness. My hands rubbed the richness of the leather at the side of my seat. Riding Eros' car was like riding a jet, very placid and comfortable. Yeah, he drove really fast but he maneuvered his car so smoothly. 
                          I sniffed deeply the smell in the car. It was a combination of leather, cool air from the car's air conditioner and Eros' familiar scent, like a fresh cologne or bodywash, not empowering and fiery.
                          This is such a beautiful car, it probably cost a fortune... like the Ming dynasty cup.
                          He suddenly touched my hand lightly, that jolted me out of my reverie.
                          "Paper... I need a paper." He said abruptly at me. He took a pen from his jacket's side pocket.
                          "Juste une seconde, président. Ma secrétaire reçoit toujours son bloc-notes."
                          I immediately opened my big brown bag, looking for my notebook. I dug my wallet... mirror... sanitizer... face powder... flashlight... umbrella... sanitary napkin... oh no... no paper. 
                          Where is it? I'm sure I put it inside my bag this morning.
                          
                          "Hurry, Jade." His eyebrows furrowed.
                          "Er... I don't have any paper with me... sorry... sir, er... Mr. Petrakis..."
                          "Oui, vous pouvez dicter votre numéro de compte bancaire maintenant, je vais transférer l' argent tout de suite. Oui , je suis prêt ."He said firmly, his eyes glanced at my big brown leather bag.
                          Oh no... I think I know what he's thinking. He's going to write on my bag. I won't let him, this is my grandmother's bag.
                          My suspicion was right. He stopped the car in the sidewalk and grabbed my bag. "I'll buy you another bag."


"No... no... Mr. Petrakis, this has sentimental value. Here, use my hand." I extended my hand with my palm up for him to write on it. His lips twisted with disapproval but eventually, he held my hand and laid it on top of the steering wheel.
                          I felt the tingling sensation of the pen and his fingers as he wrote on my palm. It sent delicious feeling at the pit of my stomach, awakening buried sensations inside my body.
                          I looked at him, his eyes were fixed at my hand. He looked very handsome in that angle... so serious, unapproachable, powerful... totally a businessman. But I preferred his other side, the one in the penthouse a while ago. Domesticated, not so intimidating... and who smiled. Actually, it was the first time that I'd seen him smile. He looked even more handsome -  ten times more.
                          Eros parked his car in front of the Petrakis' office building, as well as the other car, a black SUV driven by Donovan. Donovan was trailing behind us on our way to the office.
                          A valet opened the passenger door for me. I got out of the car instantly and hurriedly followed Eros inside the building.
                          "Ooooppsss... excuse me, where are you going miss?" I was approaching the buidling door when one of the security guards who raced towards me at the elevator yesterday, curtly said.
                          "Oh, hello, good morning. I'm going to..."
                          "Hey, you were the girl who rode the private elevator yesterday." The other guard butted in. "Can't you read the sign? It's written in bold letters above the elevator, PRIVATE."
                          "Yah, we are lucky we didn't get fired." Security Guard-1 snorted.
                          "Don't make the same mistake of taking the private elevator again, okay?" Security Guard-2 warned her.
                          "Um, okay... I'm really sorry about yesterday." I looked up at the two six-footer security guards who were looming over me.
                          "Jade." I heard Eros' familiar voice, called me from afar. "Hurry up."
                          "Have to go, good day... um, bye." I said to the two security guards who looked so surprise of hearing Eros calling me. I left them and went towards Eros who was waiting for me at the lobby.
                          I entered the private elevator with Eros. I saw the two guards looking at me with their mouths dropped open.
                          Eros introduced me to Miss Pamela Leech. He ordered Miss Leech to show me to my new office. It was an adjoining office of Eros. A smaller office, with the colors beige and brown dominated the room. The interior was beautifully designed, simple and yet modern. There was an office table with an ergonomic chair at the center, and an empty computer table on the side.
                          "You are lucky you have your own office."
                          I just looked at Miss Leech. I didn't know what to answer to her.  Is she jealous that I have my own office?
                          Miss Leech's office table was located just outside Eros' office. She received the clients and business associates that walked in, in his office.
                          "Well, it's fine with me. I don't have any problem with that, as long as I get a good pay." She smiled sweetly at me. "Anyway, just call me Pam."
                          "Oh, um, you can call me Jade also."
                          "Well, nice meeting you Jade. Have to go back to my table. I have to organize some files. We'll talk during lunch."
                          I smiled at her. She was a nice girl. I thought she was a snob, mean and rude. Well... she was, yesterday.
                          When Pam left, I sat on the chair behind the desk and opened the drawers to check what were inside. There were pens, notepads, rulers, staplers, punchers, bond papers and other office supplies.
                          I was leaning back on the chair, feeling the comfort and the atmosphere of my new office, when the adjoining door suddenly opened.
                          It was Eros and he was holding a big white box in just one hand.
                          I stood up, surprised of his sudden appearance. I felt embarrassed of being caught relaxing in my new chair.
                          "Here's your laptop. You will need this to draft messages and schedule my appointments." He put the box on top of the computer table.
                          My eyes immediately widened. A new laptop, with the same logo as my new phone. He must have plenty of this in his stockroom. Pam has it also on her table. 
                          
                          "Thank you, Er... um... Mr. Petrakis." Was all I could manage to say.
                          He looked around and gave me the same smile that sent my pulses racing. "We're alone." He said in almost a whisper. "You can call me Eros."
                          I observed that his eyes flickered. Is he teasing me? Or flirting with me. Secretaries or assistants don't call their bosses on first name basis. Hmmm.... Knowing his attitude being so strict and authoritarian... he's probably testing me. Well, I'm determined to pass any test he planned, oral, written, practical... whatever.
                          "Um, I can't do that Mr. Petrakis, you are my boss."
                          His brows pulled into an affronted frown. "You know Jade, there's an exception in every rule. You have been working with me for the past seven months. And our relationship... is more that just a boss and an employee, it expounded into, friendship - and I see you not just an employee but a... a girl... with... with..." He groaned and heaved a sigh. He stopped talking and just looked at me intently. "Okay, you're right. You can call me Mr. Petrakis, if that makes you comfortable."
                          "Yes, sir, it is." I replied.
                          A muscle quivered at his jaw. Then he came closer to me, his eyes never leaving mine. I suddenly felt so nervous especially when he reached out for my hand. I stepped backward, but I was trapped between the two tables.
                          He got hold of my hand with his and raised it to his... lips. Oh God, no... what's he doing?
                          He paused and got something on his pants' pocket. He turned my hand, with my palm up, and spread it. Then he took a picture of my palm using his phone.
                          Oh gosh, yeah I forgot. He needed the number that  he wrote on my hand.
                          "Do you have any sanitizer or rubbing alcohol in here?" He asked me afterwards.
                          "Er... I haven't seen any. But I have in my bag." I grabbed my bag and dug the sanitizer inside. Thanks God, I got hold of it immediately. I gave the sanitizer to him.
                          What's he going to do with a sanitizer or rubbing alcohol? I wondered.
                          He took his handkerchief from his pants pocket and poured enough amount of sanitizer on it. Then he took my hand again and rubbed  the ink off my hand.
                          Eros' POV
                          I was with my best friend, Iñigo Monteiro in my office, drinking coffee. We discussed about the ongoing construction of  our new hotel in California. It was a joint venture between the Petrakis and the Monteiro.
                          "So, how do you find Jade's coffee? It's very addictive, right?" I asked Iñigo. I had a coffee machine installed in the coffee room a week ago, the same day Jade started working in the office.
                          Iñigo chuckled. "My friend. I hate to say this... but I think you should try starbucks coffee." 
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***
                          
                          
                          French to English - translation
                          First:  [Translation: "Twenty five billion dollars, that's final... yeah... yeah... if you will not accept my offer, then, I have no choice but to buy your competitor's shipyard instead... well, I've given you enough time to think already, chairman, I want your decision now so I can negotiate for my alternative projects.... No... I said no. That's not part of the plan. Okay, fine. So I guess, this is the end of our conversation...]
                          Second: [Translation: "Just a second, chairman. My secretary is still getting her notepad.]
                          Third: [Translation: Yes, you can dictate your bank account number now, I'll transfer the money right away. Yes, I'm ready.]

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Eighteen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "Do you know the date today?"
                          "It's 20th of the month, right?" Chloe said, raising one eyebrow.
                          "Nope. It's 21st, it's past midnight. Remember? It's our month-sary." Iñigo teased her.
                          She heaved a sigh and softly said, almost in a whisper. "Iñigo... What do you want from me."
                          "You Chloe, all of you. Please give me a second chance." He drawled.
                          --- Iñigo Monteiro and Chloe Petrakis, Catch Me by sweetdreamer33
                          Eros' POV
                          And I hate to say this... but I think I need to find a new bestfriend, because you've just insulted Jade's coffee.
                          I wanted to tell him that and knocked him dead in less than three seconds... but NO... I was not that kind of man, I was a businessman and not a murderer. I believed in God and had great fear on Him. 
                          Besides, Iñigo was my best friend and I respected his opinion. Each man had his own preference in life, in things and in his coffee.
                          "I've drank more than a gallon of starbucks coffee in college, man... but no... it's not the same as Jade's coffee."
                          "Then something is wrong with your tastebuds."  Iñigo laughed. "Or maybe you're bewitched."
                          "You mean by Jade?" I didn't like what Iñigo suggested. Bewitched was not a nice word to use against Jade. 
                          "Yes. For the past hour, you've mentioned her name more than ten times."
                          "Because, she's my personal assistant."
                          "No, don't kid me man, I know you. You like her, admit it. You even bought her a house. Clint told me about it. Did you give it to her already?"
                          Clint Sotto was one of the real estate managers of the Monteiros.
                          "Shh... shut up, she might hear you. No, I'm still trying to figure out... of ways I mean, on how to give it to her..." I shifted on my seat. A sweat from my nape suddenly slid down on my back. 
                          "Without her getting suspicious of your motive. Right?"
                          "Yes... No! What motive are you talking about? I just want to help her because she's my employee. I've been to their place, it was so small and not really conducive for them to live there...  with her mother's heart condition."
                          "Hahaha...  See? you are smitten by her."
                          "You just don't understand what I'm talking about, man."
                          "Yup, I really don't understand. Tell me... why in the world are you attracted to her? She's not your usual type. What happened to the guy who used to date hot models? You prefer colored beauties... you know, ginger red hair with green eyes... like the girl you told me about. Still can't find her, huh?"
                          I breathed heavily and let out an angry sigh. "Stop talking man, you are not funny anymore. Here, sign these papers." I pushed the documents towards him. It was about our ongoing project, one of the biggest and grandest five star hotel constructed in California.
                          "Whoah! You are evading my questions. You are guilty." Iñigo immediately took the papers and signed it. 
                           "I'm not. What about you, are you still dating that blond model?" I found it amusing that Iñigo's taste in women changed. Totally the exact opposite of Chloe who was a long-haired brunette and with a curvaceous body. He was dating now a very short haired blond and with a walking stick body.


"Yeah..."
                          "Getting serious already?"
                          "Maybe." He laughed and shrugged his shoulders. 
                          He was enjoying himself, provoking me. I wondered why he was my best friend. I was too formal and he was too rugged. I was so quiet and he was too loud. I was ruthless, cruel, the 'bad guy' and he was always the good guy. I didn't smile and he smiled all the time. I was hated and he was praised, adored especially by women. We are very much opposite.
                          "That's good. I'm relieved that you already moved on. I heard Chloe is also seriously dating. After almost four years, she finally moved on." I knew the effect it would do to Iñigo in just a mere mention of my sister's name.
                          "Really? I'm happy for her." Iñigo said sarcastically. His expression suddenly changed from lively to stony.
                          "Yeah, and she will graduate very soon, exactly a year from now. And... her first project will be the new hotel in California. She will do the whole interior designs."
                          "You're kidding me, right?" Iñigo's replied sharply.
                          "I'm not. What are you afraid of? Both of you already moved on, it's time to call a truce. You will see her more often once she'll be working with us, get use to it, man." I was baiting him. Turning the table on him.
                          "NO. Give her another project. Send her to our other hotel in Singapore or in Jamaica.  I don't want to work with her." Iñigo immediately stood up. His face was a glowering mask of rage. "I have to go, I'll see you this weekend."
                          "Tsk... tsk...  Just a mention of Chloe's name, and you instantly want to leave. Anyway, how would you like a sparring match tomorrow?" I asked him, trying to calm his nerves. I knew he wouldn't refuse a match in kickboxing. It was his only way to retaliate what I had done to him four years ago. 
                          "Sure, why not? But in one condition."
                          "What?"
                          "No protective gear."
                          I inhaled deeply and let out a sigh. "Okay, cool."
                          Yes, for almost four years, I allowed myself to be Iñigo's punching bag. I let him win all the time. He probably noticed that I was not exerting much effort to win, but he didn't say anything. I knew he still hated me for what I did, and I regretted it. 
                          I didn't know what made me do it, why I became a monster -  a selfish, uncaring, and ruthless devil. How I wished I could turn back the clock and erased all the cruel things I did to him.
                          It was not my nature to apologize to anyone, but to him, I did. He was my bestfriend and our friendship meant a lot to me. He was like my brother. 
                          But I knew that he hadn't forgiven me totally... and that was one of my frustrations.
                          Someday, I'll do anything to make everything right.
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          "I don't know what happened to him. He went back after a kickboxing match with Iñigo, more than two hours ago. Since then, he haven't come out of his bedroom." Doris was getting so worried.
                          I looked at my watch, it was already nine in the morning. Mr. Petrakis had a very important business meeting at ten thirty. 
                          "He will miss an important deal if he won't wake up sooner."
                          "You're right. Well, what are you waiting for? Go to his room and wake him up. You're his assistant, so that's part of your job."
                          Should I? Doris could be right.


"Yeah, I guess you're right, Doris."
                          I knocked on Mr. Petrakis bedroom several times. Then finally, I heard him said "Come in."
                          I opened the door slowly and saw him sprawled on bed with his eyes closed. He was wearing only a light gray cotton shorts. I was surprised to see the red bruises on his face and his body. There was even a tear on his lower lip. 
                          What happened to him? He looked like he was beaten by Iñigo in their kickboxing match.
                          "Um, good morning sir. You have an appointment at ten a.m., and it's already nine o'clock."
                          "Yeah..." His voice was in agony. He opened his eyes, then he got out of his bed very slowly and went towards the bathroom staggering. "Can you prepare a suit for me Jade. I'll just take a quick shower."
                          He was not feeling well, most probably running a fever because his face was so flushed and he had bloodyshot eyes. He should stay in bed and cancel all his appointments. My goodness, he was not a machine. Well, even machines were needed to rest in order not to break down.
                          "Yes sir."
                          I opened his dressing room, the moment Mr. Petrakis entered the bathroom. 
                          Wow, his dressing room was like a men's boutique. The business suits in neutral colors were hung in one corner and beside it were its matching pants. There were racks full of neckties in different colors. Stacks of shirts were arranged according to color and were placed in one corner of the room. At the other side of the dressing room was his casual clothes, like denim pants, Tshirts, leather jackets, sports wear, etc. He had plenty of shoes. All kinds of men's shoes, actually. The were placed in a rack, some in a glass cabinet, others were still in its boxes.
                          I picked a gray business suit,  a white shirt and a black and blue striped necktie. I immediately went outside of his dressing room and laid his clothes on his kingsized bed. 
                          After a minute, he came out of the shower. He was only wearing a towel around his hips. My goodness! I couldn't help it, my eyes dilated again. 
                          I was more surprised when I saw that Mr. Petrakis was shivering. His face looked so pale. He was grasping his arms with his hands and was running towards his bed.
                          "Are you okay?" I asked him.
                          "Yeah... yeah... I'm fine." He said trying to get inside a blanket. 
                          I instantly grabbed a comforter at the end of the bed and covered him in it.
                          "It's still cold." He said underneath the blanket and the comforter. He was moving restlessly. I took the two pillows and covered him on it.
                          "Still cold?" I asked him.
                          "Yeah..."
                          I didn't have a choice but to climb on top of the pillows, to keep him warm.
                          "Does it feel warmer, sir?"
                          Silence.
                          "Um... sir?"
                          "Can't... breathe." He moaned.
                          "You what?" 
                          My eyes widened when realization hit me. HE CAN'T BREATH.
                          I immediately moved and got out of the bed. I put aside the pillows and removed the comforter and the blanket off him. He was sweating profusely and obviously not shivering anymore.
                          "Are you okay?"
                          "Yeah, I guess so." He was gasping for air and unhurriedly sat down on his bed.


"I... I'll just get out so you can put your clothes on sir."
                          He just nodded, still panting.
                          After fifteen minutes, we had our breakfast together. He was eating his breakfast slowly, obviously having no appetite. He was sick and brooding. He seemed to be in deep thoughts. I knew, something's bothering him. 
                          At the moment, he looked so different from the powerful Eros Petrakis that I had known. 
                          I made him a café latte. His taste shifted from espresso coffee to café latte two weeks ago. It made me feel glad that at least he started to explore the different flavors of coffee. 
                          I made a smiley emoticon art design on his café latte to brighten his mood, but still his facial expression was gloomy.
                          Later, we departed for work. We were already in his car when he suddenly said.
                          "Wait here, Jade. I left my phone in my bedroom."
                          "Oh, I'll get it sir." I looked at his flushed face. He was not really feeling well. He probably had a high fever. He was just pretending to be okay. 
                          I wanted to tell him to stay in bed and take his medicine, because that was what sick people do.  But I knew he was a hard headed man, so arrogant. He wouldn't accept that he was sick.... And for goodness sake, I haven't even seen him took a medicine. What was he trying to do, kill himself?
                          "I said, wait here." He snapped stubbornly.
                          "Eros... stop pretending, I know you're not fine. I'll get your phone, okay?" I said to him, and I realized it was the first time I used his first name.
                          He held my eyes before he nodded.
                          After five minutes, I went back to his car and gave him his phone. I also gave him a bottled purified water.
                          "What's this for?" He asked about the water.
                          I dug a bottle of tylenol inside my bag, took a tablet and gave it to him. 
                          "You should take this, so you'll feel better."
                          He frowned but still took the medicine without any question, then returned the bottled water to me.
                          He drove the car in silence and slowly. I kept on looking at him, checking if he was okay. 
                          We were inside the elevator going up to his office when he talked to me again. 
                          "Jade."
                          "Sir?"
                          He smiled and said. "Thank you. I feel much better now." 
                          Eros immediately went to his business meeting at the conference room. I was composing a business letter when Pamela came inside my office.
                          "Jade, will you please make me a cappucino? With an Angry Bird art design on top?"
                          Asking coffee twice a day, during breaktimes, became a habit of Pam. She became very demanding with the art designs. Mickey Mouse, Hello Kitty, Olaf, pig, flowers, hearts, stars, candies, apple, her name, etc.  
                          I couldn't say no to her.  I didn't want to have a conflict with anyone. I was new in the office and still wanted to create a good impression to everyone.
                          "Okay, sure." I replied.
                          "Thanks Jade, you're a darling. Just put it on my table." Pam said before she left.
                          I went home immediately after work. I received a text message from my mom telling me to go home ASAP. She said she had a big surprise.
                          But I arrived home late, it was already seven in the evening. The traffic was getting heavier every day. I was so tired and hungry.... and, I still had to study my lessons and make my assignments for my online college program after dinner. Yup, I continued my online course, and I was really determined to finish it.
                          "Mom! Jade is here." Sapphire shouted excitedly the moment I entered the small apartment we'd rented. She was using my old laptop now, probably chatting with her friends again in facebook or reading a wattpad story. I gave it to her when Mr. Petrakis gave me a Macbook.
                          Mom came out of the kitchen, looking so thrilled with happiness. "Oh... Jade, you wouldn't believe what I've just won in the supermarket today."
                          "You won in the supermarket?" My brows rose questioningly. Oh... let me guess... a cookingware set? Or a turkey for Christmas eve, probably a new washing machine.
                          "Yes dear, it's the best Christmas gift ever! A real estate developer randomly picked me as their winner!" Mom shrilled with joy.
                          "Winner...? Of what?" 
                          "A new house!"
                          
                          ***Don't forget to Vote, Comment and Share to your friends.***

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Nighteen (UNEDITED)
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          
                          1 Peter 3: 4 Your Beauty should not come from outward adornment, such as elaborate hairstyles and the wearing of gold jewelry or fine clothes. Rather it should be that of your inner self, the unfading beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit, which is of great worth in God's sight. 
                          
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          Our new house was really a blessing to us. It was a four bedroom and two bathroom fully furnished Family Townhouse located just a few blocks away from the Petrakis Building. We moved into it a day before Christmas eve. We were so excited, especially Sapphire who never ceased jumping up and down on her new bed – in her new all pink bedroom.
                          It was a relief that I was very near to my work now. I didn't have to wake up very early just to catch the seven a.m. bus. And... I could save more money from the house rental and fare. Aside from that, Sapphire was nearer to her school too.
                          It was really a coincident that mom won the house, so amazing...  and in time for Christmas. God was so good to us and I was really thankful to HIM for all our blessings. I was sure, my dad was watching us too and never left us.
                          All the sacrifice my family went through really paid off from hard work, dedication, doing good to others and prayers. The blessings started to pour in - my job as a personal assistant, my dream to go to college, and now, this new house.
                          Our Christmas eve was the best ever since dad died. We had a turkey! The dinner was very special because each employee of the Petrakis International Holding Corp. received a bag full of groceries and a Christmas bonus.
                          After Christmas, I decided to visit my grandmother, actually my dad's mom in Georgia. It was a thirteen-hour travel by land from New York to Georgia, so I just went alone. My mom wasn't allowed by her physician to travel because of her heart condition. Sapphire really wanted to come with me but she couldn't leave mom alone.
                          My grandmother, Adelle Collins was a fragile seventy-one year old woman. She was once a social worker, and since grandpa died eight years ago, she devoted herself in serving the St. Mary Convent in Georgia. Her daughter, dad's sister,  Annie Collins, was also a nun in the said convent.
                          St. Mary Convent. Yup, it was once a home for me. I stayed there for almost a year – hiding.
                          
                          The nuns, together with my aunt Annie and grandma, helped me brought back my sanity. When dad died, I was so depressed. I became delinquent, irresponsible and hard to control. 
                          "Jade, we missed you. How's your mom's condition now?" 
                          "Mom is doing well, grandma, she just have to continue her medications."
                          "Oh... I'm so sad for her. I hope she will totally recover." Grandma replied.
                          "What about Sapphire? Is she doing well with her studies?" Aunt Annie butted in. She was unpacking the bag of groceries I brought for the convent and the boxes full of gifts for the kids in the orphanage.
                          "Yeah, she is. She's a smart kid and manage her time very well, in studying and joining cosplay contest. Anime is really her passion."
                          "Oh... she's still into that. Well, as long as it won't hinder her studies." 


"It won't, auntie, don't worry."
                          "I'm so happy for all the blessings you received this year, Jade. Your job, your schooling and the new house your mom won." Grandma smiled, then her expression suddenly changed, tears welled in her eyes. "I'm sure your dad is very happy right now."
                          "Yeah, Ohhh Grandma, don't start crying now. We should be merry."
                           "Well, I just miss your dad. I still cry everytime I remember him." Grandma wiped her eyes. " I wish I can visit New York, so I can see Ruby and Sapphire, and your beautiful new house."
                          "This summer, you and Aunt Annie can visit us. Promise, my treat."
                          "Oh dear, that would be wonderful!" Aunt Annie said excitedly.
                          "I'm so happy that the old Jade is back now. It's good that you already get rid of your black wig." Grandma touched my waist-length ginger red hair, running her hand through it. "Where's your eyeglasses?"
                          "In my bag. I'm wearing the contact lens that the optometrist in our office prescribed on me." 
                          "That's nice, Jade. Well, you look beautiful with or without your eyeglasses."
                          I was in Georgia, and Georgia was freedom for me... the people here didn't notice me, nobody knew me except for the women and nuns inside the four walls of the convent. 
                          I took my wig and eyeglasses off the moment I arrived in Georgia. The disguise was not necessary anymore because I was far from New York... the place where the demons in my past resided. I chose to wear my own clothes - skinny blue denim pants, white shirt and an ankle high brown boots. I showed the real me. 
                          "You are always very beautiful, my dear. Inside and out. Don't cover your outer beauty again Jade. Outer beauty is not a disadvantage, it's a precious gift from God, so cherish what you have. Let go of the past, and live for the future."
                          I nodded trying to absorb what grandma said. I wished it would be that simple, but it was not. It was not easy to erase the bad memories that sometimes haunted me at nights. But I still continued praying that eventually... and slowly... I would get over it.
                          Eros' POV
                          "You're in Georgia? You are supposed to join us for dinner tonight, Eros." My mom, Nina Petrakis said over the phone. "Your grandma Karina is here."
                          "I know mom, but this is an important deal. I'll go home as soon as I'm done with this, okay?"
                          "But Eros, your grandma is always asking for you."
                          "Just give her my love. Besides, she's staying the whole week with us, we'll have a lot of time to catch up with each other." 
                          My grandmother, Karina Martins a.k.a. Karina Anderson, because she got married with my dad's bodyguard, David Anderson. She was already seventy-three years old and lived in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil with her husband.
                          "Okay, I'll tell her. But be sure that you' ll be back tomorrow night. It's our family reunion. You aunt Claudia and uncle Raymund will be here, together with your cousins."
                          "Sure, don't worry mom, I'll be there." 
                          I hung up my phone and put it inside my pants pocket. I took the newspaper lying on top of the coffee table and scanned the business section. I was waiting for my business meeting with Mr. Clark Morris, a property developer in Georgia, inside Starbucks Coffee Shop. 
                          I was sipping my espresso and realized that I was right. It was not as good as Jade's coffee. I pushed the cup away from me and leaned my back on the chair. I was reading a business column when my eyes suddenly caught someone....someone very familiar, who came inside the coffee shop. 
                          Ginger-red long haired girl-woman, walking towards the cashier. She looked so stunning in her semi-rugged outfit.
                          Jesus Christ! It's her.
                          I was afraid to blink, that if I did, she would suddenly disappear. This couldn't be real... I felt like dreaming... hallucinating... and intoxicated by her beauty.... The room seemed to shrink and my chest tightened due to lack of air. 
                          Breathless... that's what I felt seeing her again.
                          Her lovely face glowed radiantly when she smiled, like that of the sun rays. She was amazingly beautiful, stunning and with a strikingly gorgeous body. She was absolutely every man's dream girl.
                          I was totally dumbstruck like a teenage boy. I was paralyzed on my seat. All of my body instantly turned numb and I was sweating profusely.
                          Then, she smiled again and took her cold drink from the male barista. The barista instantly blushed. Damn it, he was just like me, dumbstruck.
                          
                          She spun around and headed out of the coffee shop. I immediately stood up and followed her. I had to talk to her. 
                          Just in time, when she went out of the door, Mr. Clark Morris arrived. 
                          "Mr. Petrakis, I'm sorry I was a bit late. I have a visitor from Germany who arrived... "
                          "It's okay, Mr. Morris. But, just a minute, I'll be right back." I pointed the table I recently occupied and hurriedly went to the door.
                          I was outside the coffee shop, standing. My face and eyes roamed from left to right. I turned around and around, ran to every corner of the coffee shop desperately seeking... searching for her.
                          She's gone. She's really gone without a trace.
                          Jade's POV
                          I rode a bus on my way back to New York. This would be a long trip, about thirteen hours. It didn't matter as long as I made my grandma and aunt Annie happy. Well, not only them, but also the kids in the orphanage. 
                          I planned to save more money for my next visit, so I could give more, probably books, bags and school supplies. I smiled at the thought of the kids, so excited to open their gifts.
                          I looked out of the window and saw the beautiful houses and big trees outside, with just a few people walking at the sidewalk. I loved Georgia... the fresh air, the food and not so crowded like New York. I heaved a sigh and whispered. Bye Georgia! Till my next visit.
                          I leaned back on my seat and listened to the music on my iPhone. Then I sipped my Starbucks Passion Lemonade Tea.
                          ♪♬So take a look at me now There's just an empty space There's nothing left here to remind me Just the memory of your face♪♯
                          ♫♭♪So take a look at me now 'Cause there's just an empty space And you're coming back to me, it's against the odds And that's what I've got to face♫♩♪
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty (UNEDITED)
                          
                          1 Corinthians 13:4-8
                          4 Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. 5 It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. 6 Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. 7 It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
                          8 Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away.
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          "Hi, what's your name?" I asked the girl sitting at the bar counter. I took the opportunity to approach her while she was – sober and alone.
                          I saw her the moment she entered the bar. My eyes followed her since then. I just couldn't take my eyes off her, I was awed by her beauty. 
                          Well, who wouldn't? A very beautiful and gorgeous woman couldn't escape from any man's eyes.
                          She looked so gorgeous in her skimpy red dress and red stilettos, emphasizing her tall and slender frame. She was a young woman, probably almost twenty years old. She had a soft face with rounded cheek bones, large eyes and proportionally slim nose. Her soft pouty pink lips and rounded chin complimented her charming smile. Her beautiful red hair cropped her soft face. The mane of her long hair glimmered down to her waist where it ended and her light skin luminated in the dark.
                          Her overall physical features stirred deep inside me – my mind, body and soul. Damn it, no woman ever moved me like this before.
                          For almost an hour, I'd been observing her. Men approached her every now and then, but she just shook her head, shrugged her slim shoulders or turned to the other direction. She was not entertaining men. She was just drinking with the girl she came in with, at the bar counter. 
                          Her friend dragged her to the dance floor, but she hesitated. She just wanted to stay in the bar to drink. But her friend was pretty insistent that eventually she was forced to consider and went to the dance floor with staggering steps. Ooopss, careful lady.  I thought as she missed a step. 
                          She danced stiffly at first, but later on, she was dancing wildly to the music. She was whipping her red hair back and forth, swinging her arms and legs, and shaking her body.
                          Then she made a slow grind with her hips, lowering her body to the floor. Damn! It made my jaw dropped open. She danced gracefully like a pro and her moves were so damn hot and sexy. She really knew how to turn on a man with just a sway of her hips.
                          The others stopped dancing, mostly men, and was fascinated by just looking at her. She was like a girl on fire in the dance floor, definitely a temptress - and too bad, I allowed myself to be tempted.
                          After a while, she left her friend who was now dancing with another man. She went directly to the bar counter.
                          I took my chance and followed her.
                          I was sitting beside her in the bar for nearly ten minutes already, drinking whiskey, but still she didn't notice me. She ordered a glass of cheap gin and  drained it fast. Then she ordered another. She clearly wanted to get drunk that evening.


She was holding her glass with her left hand when I intentionally asked her, in a commanding voice.
                          "What time is it?"
                          She jolted in surprise and abruptly turned her wrist inward to check the time on her wristwatch.
                          "Aaaah!"She exclaimed as her drink spilled on her lap. Then she looked at me with murderous eyes. 
                          Damn, she still looks beautiful when she's angry.
                          "Oops, not my fault, lady." I frowned at her.
                          "I spilled my drink because you asked for the time. You're even wearing a watch." She said, grating her words angrily. She took a tissue paper on the counter and wiped her dress and her legs.
                          I asked for some tissue paper from the bartender and gave it to her. Then I ordered ten glasses of gin in replacement of her spilled drink.
                          "Are you trying to get me drunk?" She snarled at me, when she saw the glasses in front of her.
                          "Why, isn't that what you want?"
                          "No... Yes. But this is just too many. You're wasting your money. I can't drink all of these."
                          "Don't worry, I'll help." 
                          "Okay... we'll drink together." She arranged the glasses horizontally, in one line between us.
                          "Cool." I took a glass and drank the gin. I was not fond of drinking gin, but for her, I would. "What's your name?" I asked her.
                          "Hmm... you can call me anything."
                          "Oh, that's an unusual name. Anything. Never heard of such name before."
                          "That's not funny... I mean you can call me any names." She answered stubbornly.
                          "So, you won't tell me your name. Why is that? Are you wanted by the FBI? Did you steal something?" 
                          "It's not funny."
                          She really wouldn't tell me her name. A mysterious woman. "Okay, I'll call you Red."
                          "Red?"
                          "Yeah, because you're a lady in red. Red dress, red stilettos and red hair."
                          "It's ginger... I mean my hair is ginger red."
                          "Ginger.... That suits you, I'll call you Ginger."
                          She was silent for a while. Then she said. "Yeah, Ginger... I like that." She smiled and nodded. "And what's your name?"
                          "Hmm... nice try. I won't tell you my real name. You can call me anything you want too." I replied. 
                          She wanted to play a mystery game, then I was on it too. I was even dressed the part. 
                          Rugged, very rugged. I was wearing a worn out ripped jeans, plain black shirt and brown leather jacket. My hair was long like a rock star, and my beard was overgrown. I just graduated college two months ago and since then, I hadn't cut my hair and shaved my beard. My appearance was definitely far from a billionaire's son. No one would recognize me as Eros Petrakis here in this not so famous bar. 
                          "Okay... um... I'll call you... Joseph." I heard her said.
                          "We will now land at the Petrakis building, sir."
                          My reverie was interrupted when I heard my helicopter pilot said on my aviation headset.
                          "Ok sure, Mike." I shifted on my seat, feeling so angry of myself. My blood boiled with rage and my head throbbed thinking of my hedious stupidity.


I should have approached her immediately – talked to her. I'd been looking for her, for more than two years, and now that I found her, I lost her again. I was stupid, so so stupid. My fogged brain refused to function the moment I saw her.
                          The helicopter finally landed on top of the Petrakis building, after how many turns the pilot did because of the bad weather.
                          "Nice landing, Mike."
                          "Thanks Mr. Petrakis." The pilot smiled, clearly relieved that he maneuvered the helicopter very well.
                          I immediately went to my room. I took my phone and press Jade's number. I needed a cup of coffee right now. It was the only thing that would help me relax.
                          The number you're calling is currently unavailable. A recorded operator's voice answered.
                          
                          Damn it, where is she? I pressed her number again, and still I got the same response. I checked the time on my watch, it was ten in the evening.
                          I took the remote control to open the curtains of my floor to ceiling glass windows. I looked at the place where Jade and her family now resided. It was just a few blocks away from here and their house was very visible from my bedroom windows.
                          I pressed her number again but still her phone was not available. 
                          Where is Jade?
                          I started to get agitated when I couldn't contact her. Instead of thinking about Ginger, I was thinking of Jade. Maybe, she was already asleep and turned her phone off. 
                          I groaned aloud and gave up calling her after the tenth time.
                          Jade's POV
                          It was already early morning when I arrived in New York. My trip from Georgia was not really tiring, since I just slept in the bus the whole time. I was a heavy sleeper, so I could sleep wherever I was -  on a chair, on a tub and on a toilet bowl when I was a kid.
                          My phone's battery was dead because I was listening to music all the time. I loved music and singing, but unfortunately, I had a terrible voice. I was out of tune. My dad gave up in teaching me how to sing.
                          Well, I might not be a good singer, but I was a good dancer. I took up ballet lessons since I was six years old. I grew up performing in school and later on in theatres. But it suddenly ended, like a smoke. And now, I never dreamed of dancing again.
                          I entered in our new house, using my key. I put down my old leather bag and the gifts that grandma and Aunt Annie sent for mom and Sapphire on a coffee table. I looked around the house, scanning the room and the furnitures. I still couldn't believe that we had a house now... and not just an ordinary house... but a fully furnished family townhouse in New York. 
                          I sat down on a sofa chair and heaved a sigh. I didn't know why I felt so suspicious about mom winning the house. It was just so... impossible.
                          My eyes focused at the Christmas tree. Then looked at the single gift that was lying underneath it. 
                          Should I give it to him? What if he won't like it?
                          I immediately knelt down beside the Christmas tree and put the gift inside my bag.
                          It was Sunday, so I went to church with my family. We had lunch in a fine dining restaurant, went shopping and watched a movie afterwards. It was almost six in the evening when we arrived home. 
                          I dug for the housekey inside my bag when the gift accidentally pulled off the bag when I removed my hand. Good thing that Sapphire was able to catch the gift.


"You should give this to your boss before you'll break it."
                          "I will, tomorrow."
                          "Why not give it now?"
                          "I don't think he's in his apartment. He's probably in his parent's mansion."
                          "Why don't you give it a try. Anyway, it's just a few blocks away."
                          "Yeah, you're right. I'll just freshen up." I entered the house and immediately went to the bathroom.
                          After a few minutes, I arrived in the Petrakis building. Doris opened the door in the penthouse.
                          "Merry Christmas, Doris." I hugged her and kissed her cheek.
                          "Oh dear. Merry Christmas too. Thank you for your gift, Jade. I love the scarf."
                          "You're welcome, Doris. Thanks for your gift too. Um... is Mr. Petrakis in here?"
                          "Yes, he's in his room dressing up. You're just in time 'cause he's going to his family's dinner party tonight. His grandma arrived from Brazil and also his aunt, uncle and cousins from Canada."
                          "Um... bad timing. I'm sure he's in a hurry. I'll just give my gift tomorrow."
                          "A gift?" Doris asked. 
                          "Er... Yes. I have to go." I felt so awkward, when Doris raised her eyebrows. Maybe it was not appropriate for me to give him a gift. He was my employer. Besides, it was very unusual for his employees to give him a gift. 
                          I immediately turned towards the door, hurrying to get out of the penthouse. I didn't want Mr. Petrakis to caught me in here. 
                          "Bye, Doris." I opened the penthouse door to get out when someone suddenly said.
                          "Jade?"
                          Ooohhh. I spun around slowly and saw Mr. Petrakis standing their at a distance, looking so handsome in his black suit. His eyes were riveted on mine.
                          I looked around for Doris, hoping for a rescue, but she instantly left us alone.
                          "Hi... um... Good evening sir... I just dropped by to give you..." I opened my bag and dug the gift out. "... this."
                          I moved towards him, and he was moving towards me too with easy strides, then we met in the middle of the living room.
                          "What's this?" He smiled and took the gift. 
                          "My Christmas gift, for you sir... er.. um... Merry Christmas."
                          He immediately opened the gift, like an excited child. Tearing the gift wrapper and the box. His eyes lit up when he saw the espresso mug.
                          "I hope you like it. It's not expensive like the... um... Ming Dynasty cup, but... it's an ideal cup to use for your espresso."
                          He was silent for a while. Staring at the espresso mug again, like he was finding it so strange. Then he smiled again and said. "Thank you. I like it."
                          I sighed, thanking God that he appreciated my gift. "I have to go sir. Um... bye."
                          "Wait, don't go yet." He said and instantly disappeared. Probably back to his room. 
                          I waited and after a minute, he came back with an orange paperbag.
                          "Merry Christmas, Jade. This is my gift for you. Hope you'll like it too." He smiled and handed his gift to me. 
                          I opened the paperbag. My eyes widened when I saw what was inside. It was a very beautiful brown Hermes bag.
                          "I.... I can't take this. I know this is a very expensive bag." I tried to hand the paperbag back to him, but he wouldn't accept it.
                          "No... no...  it's not. That bag was on sale. It was outdated, so I paid it at a very cheap price."
                          I decided not to question him about the price anymore and just accept the gift. I knew it was heartily given.
                          I nodded at him. "Um.. thanks for the gift, sir. I have to go now. Merry Christmas." I spun around and walked towards the door.
                          "Wait."
                          I stopped and turned to him again.
                          "How would you like to come with me tonight."
                          "Tonight?" I looked at my loose brown floral dress then looked at him.
                          "Yes." He replied.
                          "Doris said you're going to a family dinner, sir."
                          "Well, it is, but I need you there... as my... personal assistant."
                          "But I'm not properly dress for a party."
                          "No, don't worry you look fine." He immediately took his dinner jacket off, tucked out his shirt and  pulled the sleeves of his shirt to his elbows. Then he rubbed his neatly combed hair with his hand to make a mess on it.
                          "Let's go?" He asked and gave me a heartwarming smile.
                          I didn' have a choice, so I nodded.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***
                          
                          

Author's Note

Hello readers!
                          This is not an update of TGHNN, but to clarify Chapter 20:
                          - The first part of EROS' POV was a FLASHBACK. (yeah.. yeah... I know it was not nicely done, lol)
                          - In the flashback, Jade was drinking because she just lost her dad and felt heartbroken about her ultimate crush, Joseph --- Remember... she was rejected by joseph and he left her when she needed him most to go to South Africa for a medical mission.
                          - Joseph was already in South Africa when Jade's dad died
                          - In the flashback, Jade was 18 and Eros was 22 -- when they met in the bar--- that's almost 3 years ago.
                          - In the flashback, Eros had facial hair and long hair -- and Jade was wearing contact lens. She was also slightly drunk.
                          - When Eros said that he will just call her 'Ginger' -- that made Jade stop and she remembered Joseph calling her 'Ginger' too.
                          - Since Eros won't tell Jade his real name too, therefore, Jade decided to call him Joseph. She wanted to pretend just for one night that she was with Joseph (her lost love) -- which was Eros in the flesh.
                          -Therefore, Eros is not Joseph. 
                          So...
                          ***What will happen when Eros finds out that Jade and Ginger are the same?
                          ***How would Eros feel once he knew that a real guy named Joseph existed in Jade's life?

Chapter Twenty One

Chapter Twenty One (UNEDITED)
                          
                          "Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. It's about having a pretty mind, pretty heart and pretty soul." --- Anonymous
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          "What are you thinking? This is a family affair." My mom, Nina Petrakis said when she asked to talk to me inside the music room. "You shouldn't have brought your personal assistant."
                          "And why is it that the Valientes are here? They're not a member of our family."
                          "Eros, we're hoping that someday, they will be. It is our wish for you to marry Stella and you even considered it, remember?" Stella was on top of the list of candidates that my parents wanted me to marry, and their matchmaking plan really drove me crazy.
                          "For Christ's sake, that was five years ago, I was a teenager and drunk at that time. You shouldn't believe everything I've said before. Besides, I just agreed to everything you and dad said to avoid any argument."
                          "But you always find her beautiful. Look at her now, she blossoms to a very fine lady."
                          "Mom, I find every girl beautiful. It doesn't make any difference."
                          I groaned out aloud. Yeah, Stella Valiente was the only daughter of Rafael Valiente, an Italian billionaire and one of the world's top oil tycoon. Her mother was Natalie Monteiro, Iñigo's aunt.
                          Stella always looked so delicate, fragile, very classy, so prim and proper like royalty. With her raven black hair and flawless white skin... she was like a porcelain doll. Yeah, and she was treated as such by her family, especially by her three older brothers, Franco, Manuel and Xander. They were like wolves who tried to intimidate me, thinking that I should bow down to them cause I would be marrying their sister. Stupid jerks. They should have known by now that I didn't bow down to anyone. 
                          I was more powerful than those idiots, when it comes to power, influence in the business world, reputation and money.
                          "Look at you. You're not even dressed appropriately. Where's your dinner jacket?" She was glaring at me angrily. "Our sitting arrangement is ruined and there's no enough room in the table. Our chef prepared for twelve persons only."
                          I frowned then went behind my mom, then gently massaged her back. "You're making a fret on minor things, mother. It's not good for you. You will just have more wrinkles under your eyes. Jade will take my seat. I'm not hungry anyway. I'll just grab a sandwich in the kitchen later."
                          "You're impossible! You know I can't do that."
                          I chuckled and continued massaging her spine. "Have her sit beside me, okay?"
                          Mom sighed heavily. "I'll go to the kitchen and ask the chef to make room for another guest."
                          "Thanks mom." 
                          Mom turned to go, but stopped before she opened the door. "The bag that Jade is using now, did you give it to her?"
                          I let out a long, audible breath. She noticed the bag. Well, that was expected. Mom had a collection of expensive bags and she was an expert of identifying what is fake and original. "Yes." I admitted.
                          She nodded. "Your dad gave me the same bag but in black color, for a Christmas gift. It's the latest collection of Hermes and obviously cost a fortune. Did she know that?"


"Probably not." I shrugged my shoulders.
                          "And you just gave her a new townhouse." She raised her fine, arched eyebrows. "Which she thought her mother won in a supermarket."
                          Holy f**kingsh*t! Who told her about it? It was supposed to be a secret. 
                          Mothers! They tend to know everything when it comes to their children.
                          "Don't worry, son, your secret is safe with me. Your dad and Chloe don't know anything about it."
                          "Who told you?" I nodded disappointedly. I always wanted privacy. If possible, I didn't want anyone knowing all my actions, even my family.
                           "Samantha. She was having a business meeting with the real estate manager, when you called him to look for a house. She kept on updating me since then about it." 
                          Samantha Miller Monteiro. Iñigo's mother and mom's close friend. They always loved to share their children's stories and secrets. Women!
                          "I know what I'm doing mom, and its my money. I worked hard for it. I can spend every penny I got with whatever I want to." I replied defensively, shoving my hands deeper inside my pants pockets.
                          "Of course you can, son." She smiled, reassuring me that she wouldn't get in my way or contradict any decision I made. "I just wonder if it's part of your charitable works or... there's something going on between you and Jade, that I should know."
                          I grinned at her and shook my head. 
                          "You're just overthinking. Go and advise the chef mom. Your guests are starving."
                          "Yah, yah... we'll talk again later." She said and went out of the room.
                          Jade's POV
                          I shouldn't be here... I didn't belong here. Everyone was looking at me strangely, from head to foot. I looked like a piece of rag to the ladies' expensive looking satin, sequined, laced cocktal dresses and diamond studded stilettos. They all looked so beautiful in their makeups, neatly combed hairstyles and gliterring jewelries. I felt so out of place. I wished the floor would open up and swallowed me deep down under.
                          I remembered the reaction of Eros' mom when I was introduced to her. Her eyes widened with shock and she was looking at her son with questions in her eyes like, Why did you bring an extra baggage?
                          
                          But when she recovered, she greeted me nicely and introduced me to her husband, Eros' father, Mr. Markos Petrakis.
                          "Honey, I want you to meet Jade Collins. She used to be Eros' household staff and now, she's his new personal assistant."
                          "Yah, of course." Mr. Petrakis put his arm around his wife's shoulders and held her close. "Nice meeting you again Jade." He smiled at me then looked at his wife. "You know honey, Eros is addicted to Jade's coffee. He said it was the best coffee that he'd ever tasted."
                          "Yes, I know. Eros told me about it and I would love to try it some time." Mrs. Petrakis said.
                          "Sure, Mrs. Petrakis. Just tell when."
                          Mrs. Petakis smiled and excused herself. I saw her went to Eros and together they left the living room.
                          Mr. Markos Petrakis asked me about the ingredients in my coffee. Then he told me about the delicious coffee he'd tasted in different countries. The richness of Costa Rica coffee, the flavors of Jamaican coffee and the boldness of Puerto Rican coffee.
                          "What is this, a lecture about coffee?"
                          I heard a feminine voice said behind me. I turned around and saw a very beautiful young brunette smiling at me. She was a perfection, flawless and very stunning. She stood out among all the beautiful girls in the room.


"Dear, I'm just telling Jade about the coffee I tried. Do you know that she makes good coffee?"
                          "Really? Wow. Our family loves coffee. Especially dad and Eros. By the way, I'm Chloe." 
                          "I'm Jade, Er... Mr. Eros Petrakis' personal assistant."
                          "Oh, I see. I thought, you're his date." Her eyebrows raised questioningly.
                          "Um... no.. of course not... mam."
                          She laughed and said. "I'm just teasing you, Jade. Just call me Chloe."
                          "Excuse me ladies. Jade, I'll leave you with Chloe."
                          "Yes, Mr. Petrakis. Um.. thank you."
                          It was so awkward being alone with Eros sister, Chloe Petrakis. Although she was so nice and often gave me a comfortable smile—I couldn't help being intimidated. She looked like a princess, a moviestar... I was starstruck by her overall appearance.
                          "How would you like to see our rose garden, Jade?"
                          "Sure. I love roses." I immediately agreed and followed her.
                          The rose garden was very beautiful. Roses in different colors - red, white, peach, yellow and pink – bloomed and the fragrance dominated the air. It smelled so fresh and heavenly. The area was landscaped beautifully too. Roses with the same color were grouped together and surrounded with big stones.
                          "This area used to be our playground when we were kids. But when I went to college, Eros started planting roses here every weekend. He shovelled the dirt and landscape it himself."
                          "He planted all the roses?" 
                          "Yup, every single one. Mom became so lonely that we were both seldom at home. At least it kept her busy and happy at the same time."
                          I was impressed with my boss. I could see how much he loved his mother. I realized that the was a domesticated guy too. He loved cooking and gardening.
                          Chloe picked a small peach rose and put it behind my right ear. Then, she was eyeing me, up and down, assessing my appearance. I felt embarrassed all of a sudden. 
                          "You're very beautiful. You just don't want to flaunt it." She said. 
                          "I'm not."
                          "You are Jade. I know a real beauty when I see one... and I can see why Eros likes you."
                          "Um, I think you misinterpreted my being here tonight." 
                          She showed her perfect smile again then shook her head. "You're the first woman he brought in the house to meet his family - and the way he looks at you was... different.... special. I like that you also sound level headed. It's annoying sometimes, how many women find him so devastatingly attractive. They even used me. They wanted to be my friends in order to get close to him."
                          "No... he's just my employer, mam."
                          "Call me, Chloe."
                          "I mean, Chloe. He said he needed me tonight for a dictation."
                          "Hahaha... he said that? Don't believe everything he've said. I'm positive, he likes you."
                          "I don't think so. Our relationship is merely the same as that of a typical boss and an employee."
                          She was eyeing my new bag. "My brother doesn't believe in love and romance. He saw what love did to people, who suffered and almost died because of it... like what happened to my parents. For him, love is cruel, it destroys people. He doesn't want to be a slave on it."
                          "He probably never been in love before."
                          "Definitely. Have you been in love, Jade?"
                          "Um.. yes. But he didn't love me back."
                          "That's sad. We're just the same. My first love was worse. He's evil and he's my brother's best friend. He put me into years of misery. Until now, I still couldn't accept what he did to me. I despised him."
                          Her brother's best friend? That was Iñigo Monteiro.
                          "But you won't be happy if you keep on hating someone. Hate cannot drive out hate. If you want to forget him, then, don't hate him. Learn to forgive and forget."
                          Chloe heaved a frustrated sigh. "It's not easy as that. But I'll think about what you've said. You have a point in there." She smiled and moved closer to me. We were admiring the beautiful roses in front of us. "I can see that you're a good judge of character, Jade. I know that that's one of the reasons why Eros likes you."
                          "Um... yes, as his P.A."
                          "Eros needs to be reminded from time to time that he's not God. He's so domineering and controlling because of his power and money. I don't understand him sometimes." A smile touched her lips again.
                          "You're frightening her, Chloe. I don't think I'll ever forgive you if Jade will pass her resignation letter tomorrow."
                          Eros commanding voice made us jolt with surprise. Both of us instantly turned to him, who was leaning against the doorframe of the balcony's sliding door.
                          "OH! I'm just giving her my opinion about you, big bro. How nice, loving and caring you are. Exactly an ideal brother, right Jade?"
                          I just smiled and shifted my eyes from Eros' strikingly handsome features to Chloe's beautiful and stunning look.
                          "It's time for dinner. Both of you should come inside now."
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.*** 

Chapter Twenty Two

Chapter Twenty Two (UNEDITED)
                          "Even more, I had never meant to love him. One thing I truly knew - knew it in the pit of my stomach, in the center of my bones, knew it from the crown of my head to the soles of my feet, knew it deep in my empty chest - was how love gave someone the power to break you" ― Stephenie Meyer, Twilight
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          Eros' POV 
                          "Hi, how are you?" I greeted Stella, then gave her a light hug.
                          "I'm fine, thank you." She placed her hand on my forearm. "You didn't come to my birthday party last month."
                          "I was in Russia." I moved a step away that made her hand slipped down from my forearm.
                          "I was expecting you." She quickly replied. Her pink lips curved in her usual charming smile.
                          I chuckled. "My business deals are more important to me than crossing countries just to attend parties, Stella."
                          She dropped her lashes quickly, probably to hide the hurt. "I understand. You're a busy man, like my papa."
                          I suddenly felt guilty. Why I was so mean to her. The matchmaking plan was not even her own doings.
                          Practically, Stella was an ideal wife for someone like me. She was a billionaire's daughter and she knew how to behave as a billionaire's wife. She was trained and raised to be one.
                          Aside from that, we have a lot of common friends, the same connections, and the same people we hung out with. Every now and then, we saw each other in parties, special occassions and events. Our parents were close friends and her first cousin, Iñigo, was even my best friend.
                          Our parents wanted Stella and I to get married someday. For obvious reason. To unite the empires of Petrakis and Valiente in the business world.
                          But, I was not foolish to fall for that trap. I would never marry someone just for that reason. I was a strong-willed person, I chose who and when I would marry. No one could dictate me, not even my parents.
                          The Valiente's group of companies was just a slice of a pie compared to the Petrakis' worldwide shipping empire. Merging of two companies would mean, sharing - and that would mean loss, liability, disadvantages on our part.
                          Selfish? I didn't call it selfishness. It was being reasonable. Choosing the right people to share with and to trust. The business world was flooded with hungry sharks wanting to compete, to destroy, to manipulate and to rule.
                          I was seated at the other end of the rectangular dining table, opposite dad. I was between Stella and Jade. Stella was talking to my cousin Paul, who was obviously fascinated by her.
                          Jade on the other hand, was a gauche in the social world. She just eat silently and listened to the conversation. She seemed so fascinated with the food, the dessert and the wine in front of her.
                          We were all thirteen seated at the dining table. Dad, mom and Chloe. There was my grandma, Karina Martins Anderson. My mom's sister Claudia and her husband, uncle Raymund and their children Paul and Cassandra. Then the Valientes, Stella and her parents, Rafael and Natalie. Of course, me and Jade.
                          Dad and Rafael Valiente dominated the conversation in the dining table. They were talking about business again. They often dragged me to join in their conversation, but I just answered what they asked and refused to elaborate further.
                          For goodness sake, this is a family dinner, not a business conference. 
                          "So how's your Christmas concert, Cassandra." I asked my cousin, Cassandra, who was a famous pop singer in Canada.


"It was great. The venue was full and the audience really enjoyed it. It was a very successful event."
                          "I heard that all proceeds of your concert will go to the foundation for kids sufferring from cancer in Canada." Grandma asked Cassandra.
                          "Yes, that's right."
                          "I admire you dear for your good deeds, keep it up."
                          "Thank you, grandma."
                          "I would love to hear you sing for us later, Cassandra. And... Chloe can play her violin too, just like old times sake." Grandma's eyes shifted from Cassandra to Chloe.
                          "Sure." Chloe smiled. She was not a professional violinist but she played violin very well. She used to perform in school, parties and events.
                          "Oh! Let's ask Stella to play the piano too. She won third place last year in a piano competition in Italy." Mom shrilled excitedly.
                          "Of course, she will. Right Stella." Natalie Valiente asked her daughter.
                          "Yes, mom."
                          "I'm excited for the girls to perform later." Aunt Claudia said giggling with enthusiasm.
                          Everyone laughed at Aunt Claudia's reaction.
                          "Wait." Paul almost shouted and interrupted everyone's laughter. Then he said. "What about you Jade? How would you like to join the girls in performing later?"
                          Jade's eyes suddenly widened with alarm. She was shocked by Paul's suggestion.
                          At that moment, I wished to strangle Paul and punch his fucking big mouth. Jade couldn't sing well and with her status in life, she probably didn't know how to play any musical instruments.
                          "No... no.. leave Jade out of this, Paul. She's a very shy girl." I shook my head, didn't like the idea of including Jade into it.
                          "Come on, Eros. Don't be a big daddy to Jade. She can decide for herself." Paul insisted and made me glared at him with annoyance.
                          Everyone looked at Jade, waiting for her to answer. Her eyes raised and meet mine. Then her eyes shifted from one person to the other in the dining table. Then finally, she nodded.
                          Damn it!
                          A few minutes later, everyone gathered in the living room. Cassandra started singing her own version of Beyonce Knowles' 'Listen.'
                          ♪♬♮Listen to the song here in my heartA melody I start but can't completeListen to the sound from deep withinIt's only beginning to find release ♫♬♭♮
                          ♯♭♬Oh, the time has come for my dreams to be heardThey will not be pushed aside and turnedInto your own all 'cause you won'tListen♫♪♯
                          I was sweating profusely. Fidgeting. Edgy. Hell! I was nervous for Jade - and she was there, sitting on a couch with Chloe, clearly enjoying herself listening to Cassandra's amazing voice.
                          Why did she nod? Didn't she know that she had a horrible singing voice? I didn't want her to be humiliated infront of my family.
                          ♬♭♮Listen, I am alone at a crossroadsI'm not at home in my own homeAnd I've tried and tried to say what's on my mindYou should have known (oh) ♯♩♪
                          ♬♯♪Oh, now I'm done believing youYou don't know what I'm feelingI'm more than what you made of meI followed the voice you gave to meBut now I've gotta find my own♩♫♪♮


Finally, the song ended and it was Chloe's turn to play the violin. She played my grandma's all time favorite song 'Moon River.'
                          Chloe played the violin so well, she always did especially the piece, Moon River - she'd been playing that piece since she was twelve years old. Everyone applauded when Chloe reached the last note and bowed down.
                          My restlessness escalated as Stella started playing the piano.
                          Jade will be next. I cringed at the thought of everyone laughing when they would hear Jade's version of Whitney Houston's 'I Will Always Love You.' I didn't want Jade to be embarrassed or laughed at by anyone, especially by my family.
                          Stella played the piano very well, but the piece she chose was kinda noisy- and irritating to the ears. It was not music anymore and not soothing to the ears. Yeah, her piece proved that she was a good pianist, but it would be ideal if she played that piece in competitions with big audience and in big auditorium. Playing it now in a small room and in a small group... was deafening.
                          When Stella was done, everyone applauded. Obviously relieved that it finally ended. Stella smiled charmingly and curtsied.
                          Then Paul called Jade for her turn.
                          Damn it, she will be humiliated.
                          I wanted to tell Paul not to force Jade to sing but she already stood up and shyly went towards the piano.
                          I thought she's going to sing?
                          She sat down on the chair in front of the piano and put her hands on the keyboard. Then she started playing a few keys... damn it, it was out of tune!
                          "Sorry." She smiled and scratched her forehead, her face turned red with embarrassment. "I'm going to play, River Flows In You."
                          Everyone clapped their hands, encouraging her to continue.
                          Then she played again. It started with a few notes... one at a time... very slowly, then a paused...
                          Thanks goodness she finally got the right keys. I held my breath, hoping that her fingers would hit the right keys when she resumed. My eyes never left her, studying her with curious intensity.
                          Jade continued playing the piano... slowly and then beautifully.
                          I was surprised. I smiled with relief and felt so proud of her. I was so awed by the way her emotions poured in the music, that I could feel it straight to my heart, and I guessed, everyone felt it too. I was amazed that she played the piano very well and wonderfully. Jade was really full of surprises.
                          Everyone applauded when she hit the last key.
                          "That's wonderful." My grandma hugged Jade. "You made me cry... the emotions were there, I could feel it."
                          "Thank you, Mrs. Anderson. I'm glad you like it."
                          "I love it. That piece was so beautiful and you played it so well."
                          Later, Cassandra sang again. I called Jade and talked to her in the balcony.
                          "I didn't know that you can play a piano."
                          "Um... I really don't, sir."
                          "What do you mean? You just played a while ago."
                          "It's the only piece I know." She smiled at me, showing her braced teeth.
                          "Really?" I chuckled. "You played it well."
                          "Thanks. I learned it from my aunt Annie in the convent."
                          "In the convent? Why are you in ...?"
                          "Eros, mom asked if you can have dinner with us tomorrow night? We're staying here in New York for a week." Stella suddenly appeared behind me and interrupted my conversation with Jade.
                          "I don't think so, Stella. I'm so busy."
                          "Even at nights?" Her fine arched eyebrows rose.
                          My eyes sent Jade a private message that she surely would understand.
                          "Jade, can you check if I'm available tomorrow night?"
                          Jade instantly took her organizer inside her new bag. "Um... tomorrow... " She was flipping the pages of her organizer. "You have a dinner engagement with Sheikh Raschid and his wife."
                          "See? I'm busy." I slightly shrugged my shoulders.
                          "How about Tuesday or Wednesday night?" Stella insisted. Her eyes immediately sharpened.
                          Jade flipped her organizer again and said. "On Tuesday night, you have a video conference with the Japanese investors and on Wednesday, you have a charitable fundraising event to attend. Thursday, you will fly to California till Sunday."
                          Stella's expression suddenly changed. She was clearly annoyed. "Okay, I get the message now, loud and clear. So, I'll see when I see you."
                          "Yeah, that's right."
                          When Stella left, I chuckled and said. "Good job, Jade."
                          Jade's POV
                          Almost all night I was with Chloe and Cassandra. I was just listening to them talking about clothes, makeups, boys, their travels and career. It was awkward at first, but later on I enjoyed being with them. They were actually nice to me.
                          I suddenly got thirsty so I asked Chloe where I could ask some water.
                          "I'm thirsty too. Come, I'll show you the kitchen."
                          I followed Chloe to their kitchen. It was very huge and beautiful. The kitchen was surrounded with glass cabinets. The plates, glasses, cups and saucers where displayed inside.
                          I studied the beautiful chinawares inside the glass cabinet when my eyes suddenly caught something very familiar... a Chinese Ming Dynasty cup!
                          
                          ***DON'T FORGET TO VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends***

Chapter Twenty Three

CHAPTER TWENTY THREE (UNEDITED)
                           
                           "A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous." - by Ingrid Bergman
                           
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                           
                           
                           Jade’s POV
                          
                          The Ming Dynasty cup!
                          
                          I looked at the cup closely, studying every detail. I couldn’t be wrong. The cup that I accidentally broke was a replica of this one. 
                          
                          My heart instantly beat faster and a cold sweat ran down my back. Confused and disturbed. No. Eros said that the broken cup was an antique, Chinese Ming Dynasty cup worth 36 million dollars. It was a rare piece, an only one.
                          
                          “Are you okay? You looked like you’ve seen a ghost.” Chloe asked me. She was standing behind me, holding a glass of water. “Here’s your water.”
                          
                          “Thanks.” I took the glass and drank the water heartily. Then I put the glass on top of the counter. “Um… this cup is antique, right?” I asked Chloe, pointing a finger at the chinese cup inside the glass cabinet.
                          
                          “That?” Chloe laughed lightly, looking so amused. “Of course not. Mom is not fond of antique items, especially cups and plates.”
                          
                          “But, isn’t this a priceless Ming Dynasty cup?” My mind reeled with confusion.
                          
                          “What are you talking about? Mom and I bought that cup in Walmart.”
                          
                          “In Walmart? You mean… really?” I couldn’t believe what I’d just heard. The Chinese Ming Dynasty cup was bought in Walmart? I couldn’t comprehend what she’d just said. My brain refused to function well.
                          
                          “Yeah and it only cost a dollar.”
                          
                          “A dollar? A… dol-lar!” My voice rose in surprise. I was stunned and tried to organized my thoughts. 
                          
                          “Yes. I should know better since I was the one who picked it up. I love oriental designs. Why are you so surprised?”
                          
                          “ I saw a similar cup at your brother’s house.”
                          
                          “I see, mom gave him a few stuffs from the house when he had his own penthouse. We have plenty of that cup here in the bottom drawer.” Chloe opened a drawer and showed me about half a dozen boxes of the same cup.
                          
                          I was momentarily speechless in shock – and then I was breathless with rage. 
                          He fooled me. He really fooled me. The cup that I accidentally broke was not a 36 million-dollar Chinese Ming Dynasty cup. It was just the same as these cups that cost only a dollar at Walmart!
                          
                          I inhaled deeply, trying to control my anger. “Chloe, can I ask you a favor?”
                          


“Sure, what is it?”
                          
                          
                          
                          Eros’ POV
                          
                          “That was a great performance, I’m impressed.” 
                          
                          No answer. Her faced averted to the window outside of my Bugatti Veyron.
                          
                          “So, you learned how to play piano in the convent.”
                          
                          No answer. She shifted in her seat and closed her eyes.
                          
                          Okay fine. She didn’t want to talk to me. What was her problem? Her silence was killing me.
                          
                          I looked at my watch, it was almost midnight. Then I looked at her, curled in the passenger seat. “It’s late and I know you’re tired. You don’t have to go to my apartment tomorrow morning. I’ll just fetch you at your house at nine.”
                          
                          Still no answer.
                          
                          Dammit. She was getting on my nerves now. What was the matter with her? Did  I say or do something wrong?
                          
                          “Jade.” I said firmly, in my very authoritative voice.
                          
                          No answer. 
                          
                          I looked at her again. I knew she was only pretending to be asleep. I was sure she was upset on something… or someone. The thought of her being upset, disturbed me.
                          
                          I parked the car outside their house. I saw her stirred before I could turn off the ignition then she took something from her bag – a box.
                          
                          “Here, this is for you. I hope you’re happy now, Mr. Petrakis.” She threw her words to me like stones. What’s wrong with her?
                          
                          “What’s this, another Christmas gift?” I smiled at her, to liven her mood.
                          
                          She didn’t reply, only shot me a cold look.
                          
                          “Are you okay? You looked so upset.”
                          
                          “Open it.” She replied in a low voice, taut with anger.
                          
                          I opened the box and saw a familiar cup inside – Oh-oh, busted. “Whoa! Another espresso cup. Thank you.”
                          
                          Her green eyes turned dark and dazzled with fury. “Don’t you recognized it? It’s the same cup that I accidentally fell inside your bedroom.”
                          
                          I was really busted. This explained why she was so upset. She saw the cup in the mansion. Chloe. She had something to do about it.
                          
                          “Is it?” Deny. Deny. Deny. I pretended examining the cup, taking my time to think for a justifiable reason for what I did. “It’s not.”



                          “It is. This cup was bought by your mom in Walmart for a dollar together with that broken cup. It’s not an antique or a Chinese Ming Dynasty cup.” 
                          
                          “Really? Well, I didn’t know that.” I shrugged my shoulders and put the box at the backseat.
                          
                          “Is that all you’re going to say? You didn’t know?” Her lips thinned with anger. “You threatened to put me into prison if I won’t work for you because I broke a 36 million-dollar antique cup!”
                          
                          “I did?”
                          
                          “You know you did, stop lying.” Her voice was cold and lashing.
                          
                          “Jade, it’s late. We’ll talk about this tomorrow, okay?”
                          
                          “No. We have to settle this now. You lied to me.” Her voice trembled like she was about to cry.
                          
                          I felt guilty. I threatened - blackmailed her to continue working with me. I lied and hurt her. I felt like a beast right now.
                          
                          “I’m sorry, Jade.”
                          
                          She shook her head, disbelievingly. “Why did you lie to me?” She almost whispered.
                          
                          “You know the reason why. I need my coffee.”
                          
                          “Your coffee… just because of your coffee.” Her lips curved in a sarcastic smile. “You know what? You are like a spoiled boy. Everything you want, you get it in just a snap of your fingers. You use your money to control and manipulate people.”
                          
                          What she said hit a nerve. Damn. “If you think that I lived an easy life because I was born rich, then you are wrong. I struggled too.  You don’t know the pressures I endured just to be where I am now.”
                          
                          “I bet that pressures didn’t include worrying where to get money to buy food for the next meal or pay for the house rental and the bills.” She was becoming hysterical now.
                          
                          “You’re very tired and sleepy. You need to rest.” I went out of the car and turned to the passenger door to open the door for her.
                          
                          But, she opened the passenger door, before I could grab hold of the door handle. She went out and headed to their house main door.
                          
                          I followed her. I didn’t know why. The thought of her so mad at me, was something that disturbed me – a lot.
                          
                          Before she could open the main door, she turned to me and poked her forefinger on my chest. “You lied to me and you threatened me. What kind of a man are you? I don’t like you, I really don’t like you.” Her eyes were blazing with intense anger.
                          
                          “Then you have no choice, you are stuck with me.” I glared back at her.
                          
                          “Not anymore, rich boy.”
                          
                          “Don’t you ever call me that.” No one ever dared call me rich boy or any other names before.  Coming from Jade, made me want to punish her… but no… I couldn’t do that to her.
                          
                          “I can call you whatever I want, because you’re not my boss anymore. I’m going to tender my resignation tomorrow.”
                          
                          “Okay, you try, and I’m going to sue you for breach of contract. You signed an employment contract, remember.”
                          
                          “HA! That’s what you’re good at, blackmailing people. The hell with that contract. I don’t care anymore.” She said stubbornly.
                          
                          “What is your problem? You should be thankful that you still have a job and a good salary – you’re even promoted to a secretary. You know damn well that no one would hire you as a secretary because of your lack of experience.”
                          
                          “I would rather work as a janitress than working with a liar, maniputative and controlling bastard like you.”
                          
                          What she said really made me furious. She was a hot tempered woman, a scattered brain and very stubborn. 
                          
                          “A bastard huh?”
                          
                          “Yes, you are a BASTARD.”
                          
                          “Okay, let’s see what this bastard can do.” 
                          
                          In one fluid motion, I pulled her roughly and violently towards me. Then my mouth swooped down to capture hers - and gave her a punishing kiss.
                          
                          
                          *** Don’t forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.*** 
                          
                          Love and kisses,
                              
                          Sweetdreamer33
                          
                          Follow me on Facebook:
                          https://www.facebook.com/neilani.alejandrino

Chapter Twenty Four

Chapter Twenty Four (Unedited)
                          
                          "I don't know that I've ever felt as happy as I did that day, but then again, it was always like that when we were together. I never wanted it to end."― Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me
                          
                          -- Kindly put your playlist here --
                          Jade's POV
                          I gasped when Eros suddenly grabbed my arm and pulled me roughly towards him. 
                          "What are you do... " My words were instantly lost when his head dipped down and covered my mouth with his in a fierce kiss.
                          Oh my God!
                          I was totally shocked. My whole body froze but my heart was flapping like a gold fish that jumped out of a fish bowl and fell on the floor. 
                          I couldn't believe that he kissed me.
                          My instinct was to push his chest away but he was too strong, it was like pushing against a brick wall. His arms encircled around my waist drawing me closer to the heat of his body. He angled his head and kissed me with savage intensity – punishing and angry. Oh God, no...
                          Eros' mouth was moist and firm - demanded a response from me. But I was motionless. His kiss made me weak and my brain froze – made me so confused.
                          "Kiss me, Jade." He whispered in a demanding voice.
                          Reclaiming my lips, he crushed me to him again, forcing my lips open with his thrusting tongue. He smothered my lips with demanding mastery, kissing me devouringly.
                          "Dammit, kiss me." His voice was now ragged with desire.
                          I tried to resist him, but it was impossible. He smelled so irresistable and his lips tasted so divine, warm and sweet. I clenched my fists tighter, till my nails dug in my palms just to fight the urge to touch him.
                          Then his kiss became surprisingly gentler... slow and drugging... made my knees weak like overcooked spaghetti noodles. All the anger I felt instantly shattered and my emotions whirled and skidded. His kiss sent new spirals of ecstasy through my body and I quivered at its sweet tenderness.
                          I melted like a heated marsmallow. I was burning with desire, aching with need to kiss him back... I couldn't fight what I felt anymore... I wanted his kiss to go on and on and on... 
                          I tiptoed to press closer to him and parted my lips slowly so he could kiss me deeply and more. I was ready to succumb to the forceful domination of his kiss – when he suddenly raised his mouth from mine. 
                          I opened my eyes slowly and saw him gazing at me. A glazed look of despair or probably disappointment began to spread over his face.
                          "I'll pick you up at 9 am." Was all he said, before he spun around and went to his car.
                          What did he say? I was so confused. My brain refused to function anymore. Then, my instinct told me to run after him - and I did.
                          "Wait..."
                          Eros was about to open his car door when I called out. He slowly turned around and face me again. 
                          I was standing in front of him, like a lost girl. I didn't know exactly why I followed him. All I know was that -  I had to. 
                          Then slowly, my brain started to function again... and yes – everything made sense, I had to ask him something and he had to answer me right now. I stared at him, trying to construct the words that I had to ask.


I wanted to know why he kissed me. Was he attracted to me? Or was that his means of shutting me up? He was leaving me after that mindblowing kiss without any explanation? He couldn't just do that.
                          Just when I had the courage to ask him, I noticed that he couldn't look at me. He was looking at the ground or sideways, rubbed his lips or shoved his hands inside his pants pockets. He looked so different from my ruthless, manipulative and controlling boss. He was like a boy... a big boy who was caught stealing his dad's car and about to be scolded.
                          "Why did you kissed me?" I asked him.
                          He just glanced at me then shook his head.
                          "Why... Are you..."
                          "NO." He glared at me with angry eyes. "Whatever your question is, the answer is No, Jade. I hope that's clear."
                          It took me a while to absorb what he'd just said. Then I looked straight at his eyes and nodded. "Yeah, it's crystal clear."
                          I was about to ask him if he was attracted to me – and his answer was NO. Then why did he kissed me?
                          Although I should be relieved that he admitted that he wasn't, but why was it that I felt hurt and affected?
                          I wasn't able to sleep well that night. I kept on thinking about Eros. His kisses. His smell. His taste. Ohhh... my brain was clouded with his image and my lips still burned from the aftermath of his kiss. I was awake until dawn, thinking of him.
                          Yeah, I hated him because he lied about the Ming Dynasty cup and because he kissed me. Why? To shut me up? Or he just wanted to prove how much a red-blooded arrogant male he was! 
                          And now, I had no choice but to endure working with him. I couldn't just resign, because I signed a contract with the company. 
                          The following morning, at exactly 9am, I was surprised to see Donovan on our doorstep. 
                          "The boss sent me to fetch you. His grandma arrived unexpectedly to join him for breakfast. He will be at the office at ten." Donovan informed me, even though I was not asking where our boss was.
                          I nodded and asked him about the weather to change the topic. Actually, I was relieved that Donovan fetched me. I couldn't imagine the awkwardness between Eros and I after what happened last night.
                          Eros' POV
                          "It's nine already. Isn't it time to leave for the office?" My grandma, Karina Anderson said. She arrived here in my penthouse at eight in the morning to have breakfast with me.
                          "Hmm... I can't remember the last time we had breakfast together, grandma, so I'm taking my time."
                          "Liar. You can't fool me Eros, I know you. Something's bothering you. You can't stand chitchatting with me and work is your priority. So, what is it?"
                          "Your talking nonsense grandma. I'm not bothered with anything. Of course I enjoyed talking with you, with your favorite topic... the tragic love story of mom and dad."
                          "Yes, it was tragic, but they found each other again. That's true love."
                          "True love? No, that's more of a stupid loved. If I was dad, I would have settled the matter differently and still ended up with mom."
                          "You are unbelievable Eros. Is that why you are so allergic with love because of your parents love story?"
                          I put the newspaper on the breakfast table and stood up. "I just have a different definition of love."
                          "I know, a definition that doesn't involve feelings, right?"
                          I went towards my grandma and helped her stood up. "Right." Love is just another four letter word of lust. I wanted to add but I was sure my grandma would disagree.



                          Actually, Love is a decision, and certainly not a feeling. Love should be governed with the mind, and not by heart or else it would destroy you or kill you. 
                          I saw how falling in love did to people who mattered to me. My dad almost died because of his love for mom. And my sister Chloe... she fell in love at a very early age. It almost ruined her focus on herself, her family, her life and her studies. She allowed herself to become a slave of it.
                          It was already ten in the morning when I was on my way to the office. I intentionally avoided fetching Jade in their house.  I couldn't face her after what I did last night.
                          I switched on my car stereo and listened to the music while driving. I couldn't help it, I kept on thinking about Jade.
                          ♫♪ Lyin' here with you so close to meIt's hard to fight these feelingsWhen it feels so hard to breatheCaught up in this momentCaught up in your smile♪Yeah, I didn't sleep well last night. Jade was always in my mind. She asked me a question why I kissed her. My answer was I really don't know. She asked me another question - a question that was surely about love and romance... then the answer was a big NO. I didn't want her to make a big deal about the kiss, to put meaning into it. For God's sake, It was just a kiss, no more, no less. 
                          ♪♫ I've never opened up to anyoneSo hard to hold backWhen I'm holding you in my armsWe don't need to rush thisLet's just take it slow ♬♯
                          Suddenly, I regretted what I did. Dammit! I shouldn't have kiss her. It would be awkward working with her after that kiss – and to think that she was my personal assistant. She wouldn't be comfortable working with me anymore... 
                          ♬♭Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlightJust a touch of the fire burning so brightAnd I don't want to mess this thing upI don't want to push too far ♫♪
                          The kiss. It started the moment I saw Jade in the penthouse. I hadn't seen her for four days and I missed her coffee so badly. It was like seeing the sun after days of heavy rain or food after a year of famine. She looked so beautiful standing there under the mistletoe, smiling at me. 
                          ♭♪ Just a shot in the dark that you just might
                           Be the one I've been waiting for my whole lifeSo baby I'm alright, with just a kiss goodnight ♫
                          I kept on looking at the mistletoe above her but she seemed not to notice. Well, she would definitely freak out if she knew that I was fighting the urge to kiss her at that moment.
                          ♬♯I know that if we give this a little timeIt'll only bring us closerTo the love we wanna findIt's never felt so realNo it's never felt so right ♬♪
                          And then, the urge to kiss her again came back when we were in the car. But she was very upset about that damn cup and it disturbed me. I shouldn't have lied about the cup. I overdid it.
                          Then she told me that she would tender her resignation and even called me a bastard.... Damn, no one ever called me bastard before. She was the only one who got the courage to do that. 
                          I was angry – she made me very angry. And kissing her was the only punishment that I could think of. In the end, I felt like I was the one being punished. 
                          ♫♪Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlightJust a touch of the fire burning so brightAnd I don't want to mess this thing upI don't want to push too far ♮♪ She hated my kiss. She didn't respond to my kisses. I was waiting for her to kiss me back and tried to coax her into it, but she didn't - Not even a slight response. I didn't like it... I felt rejected.
                          Yeah, I was cruel at first, but eventually I was very gentle with her. Dammit, she probably sees me like a beast right now.
                          ♬♩Just a shot in the dark that you just mightBe the one I've been waiting for my whole lifeSo baby I'm alright, with just a kiss goodnight ♯♫
                          I'd better not talk about last night when I see her in the office. Better not to explain. Better forget that it happened. And better not to do the same mistake again. 
                          Yes, that was the best thing to do. She already proved herself to be a very stubborn girl and I couldn't take the risk of losing her coffee – ever again.
                          "Good morning, Mr. Petrakis." My secretary, Miss Pamela Leech greeted me with her practiced smile.
                          I nodded at her, then my eyes suddenly noticed the ceramic cup of coffee on her table with a double heart art design. That art design was very familiar and only one person could do that perfectly in the office, and that was Jade.
                          
                          My temper suddenly rose. Then in an instant I said without looking at her. "Miss Leech, You're fired!"
                          
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***

Chapter Twenty Five

Chapter Twenty Five (Unedited)
                          
                          "The best feeling is, when you look at him and he is already staring."
                          
                          -- Kindly put your playlist here --
                          *** One year later ***
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          "Happy New Year!" 
                          About a million revelers packed at New York's Times Square, cheered so loud the moment the clock struck midnight. The city's annual ball dropped and exploded with amazing colorful fireworks. The whole area was rained with confettis. The place was filled with joy and laughter from the revelers, welcoming the New Year.
                          Everyone was happy. Hugging. Kissing. Some shedded a tear, but not of sadness... only with happiness, hope and a chance – to get things right. It was like starting a new life, a new beginning and setting a new goal – like the first blank page of a 365 page book.
                          I was in Times Square with my sister, Sapphire – and our close friends, as well as our neighbors, Jason, Walter, Vera and Megan. 
                          Jason and Walter were the gay couples who lived next door. They adopted a cute baby girl, named Thea. My mom babysat her every day. 
                          Jason worked as a journalist in a renowned daily newspaper in New York. He was a print ad model before because of his very handsome physical features. Jason's partner, Walter, was a makeup artist. He worked in a celebrity beauty salon in Manhattan.
                          Vera and Megan were sisters. Vera was an Occupational Therapist while the younger one, Megan, was a nurse. They lived with their father, a widower, Dr. Simon Barnes in the door next to Jason's and Will's.
                          We really had a good time. We drank beer and ate in an exciting new bar and grill located in the heart of Times Square. One of the best New York's  DJ was spinning the hottest tunes into the wee hours. We were dancing, singing, cheering with glee.
                          We were on our way home when I bumped at someone - my officemate, Rodrick. He was from the Architecture and Interior Design Department -  and known as a party animal. He was with his friends also. There were about six of them, mostly female.
                          "Jade, you're here! Unbelievable. I thought you just stayed home, knitting sweaters for cats on New Year's eve! Hahaha!" Rodrick laughed loudly. His friends mimicked him and laughed out loud also.
                          "Hi, Rodrick. Happy New Year." I smiled at him.
                          "What's so funny, honey?" Jason who was standing behind me intruded.
                          "Honey?" Rodrick asked. One of his eyebrows rose questioningly.
                          "Yes, HONEY. That's an endearment for lovers. Or do I have to spell it out for you?"
                          "OH, sorry man... I thought... I didn't know that she has a boyfriend." Rodrick stammered. He retreated by moving a step backward.
                          "Now you know. We've been going on for while." Jason lifted his chin a bit. He looked irritated with Rodrick's snootiness.
                          "Really?" Rodrick focused his eyes on me.  His eyes widened with curiousity.
                          "Um... er... ah...." I was the one stammering now. I couldn't lie. 
                          Ohhh... why did Jason have to lie. I'm sure, I'll be the center of the gossips when I get back to work on Monday. 
                          "Yeah, since college." Jason replied. 


"Ah... by the way. I'm Rodrick Philips, I'm an Interior Designer of Petrakis Group of companies. Jade and I are officemates."
                          Jason nodded and also introduced himself. "Jason Smith, journalist."
                          "Hey guys, we have to go now." Walter, Jason's real partner appeared and asked us to hurry up.
                          "Bye Rodrick. See you in the office."
                          "Bye Jade, Happy New Year." Rodrick replied and gave me a peace sign.
                          One year and eight months. That was the time I worked with Eros, preparing his coffee and eventually as his personal assistant.
                          Since Pamela Leech left the office, I worked closely with him to provide secretarial and administrative tasks. I acted as his first point of contact with people from inside and outside the organization, like maintaining the office systems, taking notes and dictations at meetings, screening phone calls, enquiries and requests, meeting visitors at all levels of seniority, organizing and maintaining diaries and making appointments, dealing with his incoming emails, faxes and post, producing documents, briefing papers, reports and presentations, organizing and attending meetings and ensuring that he was well prepared for meeting, liaising with clients, suppliers and other staffs. 
                          I also did very personal stuffs for him, like buying gifts or flowers for his family or friends (including lady friends) either in special occasions or no occasion. I made an appointment for his haircut, for his suit fittings, for his dentist's appointment, etc. 
                          I bought his shirts, I chose his neckties... and no, not his underwears.
                          I was with Eros, in every business engagement he attended, no matter where it was. In Dublin, Istanbul, Amsterdam, Hongkong, Tokyo, Dubai, Qatar, Australia, etc. Yes, It was a dream come true – to travel around the world, experiencing different cultures, meeting people with different races and sightseeing. 
                          He also asked me to accompany him in charitable fund raising events, in parties or events where he was a speaker, guest of honor, cut the ribbons, etc. But more often, during family occasions: birthdays, weddings, anniversaries and reunions. 
                          And of course – I still made his coffee. I realized that no matter what kind of coffee bean it was and no matter what kind of water I used, he still loved the coffee I made. 
                          I worked Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm and 9am to 12noon every Saturday. I seldom did overtime works since Eros considered the fact that I had to attend my online studies also. Actually, I managed my work and my studies very well. It was just a matter of time management.
                          He fetched me every morning on our way to work. I told him that he didn't have to, but he insisted. He said he just wanted to make sure that I wouldn't be absent or get late, because he didn't tolerate late employees.
                          He bought me flowers, chocolates, cakes, fruits, perfume, a camera, books, wallet, etc. He enjoyed giving me gifts even without any occasion. 
                          "Do you like it?" He always asked every time he gave me something.
                          "Yes, I love it."
                          He often nodded and gave me a satisfied smile, then he would turn around and leave.
                          Oftentimes, he would ask me about my assignments. And there were times that he would help me on it. He was so brilliant, being a businessman and all. Feeding me with knowledge in organizing a company, teaching me the strategies in planning, directing the people and controlling the whole organization set up. He became my mentor.
                          Aside from business, he enjoyed talking about the current events. He read the newspaper every morning and watched the news on TV or in the internet everynight. He often engaged me in talking about it. So, I did the same, keeping myself updated to the news also, so I could relate on him. Now, I became interested on it, made me realized how important it was to keep ourselves aware of what was happening in our country and in the whole world.
                          When we were alone caught in a traffic or inside the plane, he often made me laughed and giggled. He told me about the corniest jokes he'd ever heard. The funny movies he watched and the book The Lord Of The Rings he'd read and admired - an epic high fantasy novel. He also enjoyed telling me about weird facts and amazing stories about people and countries. I learned a lot from him. 
                          Lately, he became vulnerable. He looked so bothered and confused. He was just sitting behind his desk, thinking. He was not in the mood to work anymore.
                          "Are you okay? Is something bothering you."
                          He nodded and groaned loudly.
                          "What is it? You can tell me if you want. I won't tell anyone."
                          "I know Jade. I trust you. But..." He hesitated.
                          "But what?"
                          "But you will not like me, after I'll tell you."
                          "I think I know you better now. And I don't think that anything bad will change what I see in you."
                          He nodded and inhaled deeply. He told me that he did something bad to his sister and his best friend, Iñigo, almost five years ago causing them to break up. And now, he wanted to amend that mistake. 
                          His conscience wouldn't let him rest. Lately, it had been eating his nerves. The joint venture of the Petrakis – Monteiro in building one of the world's Luxurious Hotel located in California was established.  So, he was dealing business with Iñigo more often now. Chloe on the other hand, just graduated the degree of Bachelor of Fine Arts in Interior Design at New York School of Interior Design. Now, she was ready to practice her degree and assume a role in their family business. Iñigo and Chloe would be working together... and that would be a total disaster -  like WORLD WAR III.
                          After he told me what he did... Yes, I was disappointed of him. But I accepted him as a man – a human being, who committed a mistake... and the important part was, he regretted what he did. He was just doing his part as a brother and a son. Obeying his father's wishes and protecting his younger sister, to the point of hurting her and his best friend.
                          "It's not too late. You can correct that mistake. We have to find a way to bring them back together." I assured him. It broke my heart seeing him like this. Vulnerable. Sad. Miserable. Too different from the arrogant, ruthless, controlling and manipulative man I knew.
                          I was surprised when he suddenly took my hand with his both hands, then slid his palm on mine. I was electrified – like a magnetic force. The buried feelings in the deepest portion of my heart ignited like a blazing fire. Then I remembered the kiss.
                          The kiss that happened a year ago. The kiss that never ever been mentioned, explained and discussed. Like it never happened. Like it was nothing. A kiss that was forgotten.
                          But how could I ever forget that. It haunted me night and day. It shattered the walls I built between us. I started thinking of him... caring for him... and... liking him.
                          Everyone our eyes met, he looked at me as if he was kissing me. Everytime our arms brushed at each other, my heart skipped a beat. Every moment we were together, was like a rollercoaster ride, my body came alive with excitement. 
                          As time passed by... I felt at home when I was with him... safe and protected. He was not just my boss, but my mentor, my adviser and my... friend.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends*** 
                          

Chapter Twenty Six

Chapter Twenty Six (Unedited)
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          "Scientifically, Love is a chemical reaction in your brain toward someone else. Your pupils dilate, breathing catches, and your heart beats faster as your mind goes into overdrive. Spiritually, true love is your soul's recognition of its counterpart in another person. No reasoning, because there is none. We all know what love is. Most of us just don't know how to love." ― Jennifer Megan Varnadore
                          Eros' POV
                          "TELL HER. You can't just go on like that." Rod Brent showed his concern on me. He was the head security of the Petrakis residential building and my uncle Raymund's cousin. He was like a relative to me and a bestfriend to Donovan.
                          I slammed my fist at the punching bag strongly like a raging animal. "Arrrgggghhhh."  I groaned and attacked the punching back again with series of kicks and boxes, more strongly this time. "I CAN'T." I almost shouted. I was panting so hard, running out of breath because of the energy I exerted. I inhaled deeply gathering my strengths and getting ready to attack my opponent – the red punching bag. "You know damn well that I can't. I already embarrassed myself by kissing her. I'm saving my face from further embarrassment, man."
                          "But she likes you." Donovan said. He was sitting with Rod at the corner of the gym, drinking coffee.
                          "She likes me as her boss, nothing else."
                          "I don't uderstand, why you complicate simple things like that. Tell her that you like her." Rod was an opinionated man and very vocal. He had his own principles and philosophies in life.
                          "She'll freak out and leave me again. She's important to me. I can't function without her anymore."
                          "See? You are becoming too dependent on her. From coffee, to your necktie, to your time schedules, to your business meetings... everything. I'm afraid that next time, you will say that you can't live without her anymore." Donovan said.
                          "He probably can't live without her now. He's in love with her." Rod said to Donovan and they both laughed.
                          Shit! These two middle-aged assholes were laughing at me. "Hey, another word about love and both of you are fired."
                          "Awwwww, you can't threaten me with that anymore, boy. I'm immune to it." Rod stopped laughing and started to get serious. "You know what... you're in love with her, but you refused to acknowledge it. Because, you let your mind overrule your emotions. Love is not about logic or statistics, neither a strategic plan, a geometry or an algebra. LOVE... is not about thinking, it is a FEELING." He slammed his hand to his chest.
                          "Right. It connects people, like you and Jade. There's a connection between the two of you like poles of magnets attracting each other. That's what love is... Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, according to Shakespeare, remember?"
                          "Bullshit, Donovan. I'm not in love with her... besides, Shakespeare sucks! He didn't even know the real meaning of love."
                          "What? You're hopeless. I give up on you, boy. I couldn't believe you've said that." Rod shook his head.
                          Donovan laughed aloud. "I told you."
                          "Okay, we accept that. So what do you want from her? Sex? You want to bang her hard and fast again and again until you get her out of  your system? Then DO IT." Rod snapped at me. 
                          Rod was really tackless sometimes. I loved to give him a few punches and kicks on his face at that moment. I glared at him angrily and that made him stop talking.


"What? No way... Jade is not that kind of girl. She'll run a hundred miles in a sec if you'll ask her that! Hahaha." Donovan said. "Jade is a caring, loving, loyal and sincere girl. She needs a man who will take good care of her and love her equally. She's not a bimbo or a slut, man. She's a wife material."
                          "I know. You have to marry her if you're desperate to take her to your bed." Rod said.
                          "I'm not that desperate." I hit the punching bag with my fists, then attacked it with my powerful kicks.
                          "Yes, you are. Look at you, you're like a raging animal because of your suppressed feelings. You're irritable and easily lost your temper to everyone. But when Jade is around, your face instantly lit up and you often smile, which you never did before. Stop the façade boy, it's affecting everyone." Rod laughed again.
                          "And have mercy on that punching bag... it got all the frustrations you felt for Jade. If only it could talk, he would tell you the same thing we did." Donovan muttered.
                          "Both of you, STOP. You're not helping me at all. I'm asking for your advise how to stop this damn... THING - Instead, you're both scolding me like I'm a seven-year-old boy."
                          "OK, fine. It's just that - we've been through this for more than a year already. You dated several supermodels, as we've suggested, but still, you want Jade." Rod sounded more logical now. "It's always Jade... and you're always talking about Jade. No matter how many times you deny, it shows, man. I'm pretty sure, you're brain is full of Jade."
                          "You're exaggerating." I hated it when Rod talked too much, mostly nonsense. He was so good in exaggerating things.
                          "You think I am?" Rod defended himself and grinned at Donovan. "Hey man, tell him the truth."
                          Donovan just laughed and nodded.
                          "It started with that kiss. It made me... want her so badly." I admitted to them. Jade's sweet taste was like a venom that penetrates in my blood, I started craving for it, like an addiction, that I can't get enough.
                          "But I thought you already controlled it. That kiss happened more than a year now. What's wrong this time? Did you kiss her again?" Donovan stood up and went closer to me.
                          "No. But... I touched her hand."
                          "Uh-oh." Rod shook his head and grinned. "And you felt the electricity sparks the moment your palms collided. Damn, you're in deep trouble, boy."
                          "I know. I don't know what came over me. She just looked so beautiful and  perfect, standing there with her glassy emerald eyes... welled with tears and I couldn't help me. I touched her hand." I shrugged my shoulders.
                          "I think you should call Kendra Packer – although I don't like the girl because she's lunatic. I couldn't forget how hard she slapped me and the rest of the guards." Rod chuckled. "But I'm pretty sure, she will satisfy you in bed, and help you forget about Jade."
                          "NO. That girl is a pain in the ass."
                          "Yeah, a certified bitch. She deserved to be dumped." Donovan said coldly.
                          "You're lucky man, you haven't been slapped." Rod said to Donovan.
                          Then we were all laughing when suddenly we heard a feminine voice said at the gym entrance. "Excuse me."
                          All our eyes focused at the woman standing there at the doorway. It was Jade.
                          My heart skyrocketed the moment I saw her. It was always like that whenever she was around. 
                          "Good morning, Jade." Rod and Donovan said simultaneously.
                          "Good Morning." She replied.
                          "You look more and more beautiful everytime I see you." Rod teased her.


"Thanks, Mr. Brent."
                          "Hmmm.... I have a nephew in the U.S. Navy who is looking for a girlfriend. Maybe we can set a time for you to meet him." Rod said. He was obviously trying to make me jealous. 
                          "Yes, sure, Mr. Brent."
                          What? Damn it, she said yes. I'm going to kick your fat ass later, Rod.
                          I inhaled deeply to ease my nerves, and then I removed my gloves. I took the towel on the chair and wiped my face and neck. 
                          I asked Jade to come early here in the penthouse, so we could ran through with the presentation for today's board meeting. I never expected her to be too early. It was still seven thirty a.m. I wanted us to have breakfast together like we used to do. I missed it.
                          I went towards her and wondered if she'd heard us talking about her. 
                          "Jade."
                          "Good morning, Sir. Here's the file for today's presentation." She handed me a folder.
                          "Thanks." I gazed at her eyes intently. "How long have you been standing here?"
                          Her eyebrows raised questioningly. "What do you mean?"
                          I grinned at her. "I mean, did you hear us talking...?"
                          "Talking? About what?"
                          YOU. I wanted to say, but I knew she would freak out. "About... ah..." I tried to think of something to say - but my mind was blocked. "About... girls... no... no... about... yeah, girls." I coughed. Damn it.
                          "No. I haven't heard anything." Was all she replied. Then we headed upstairs, to my penthouse.
                          A few months had passed, my sister, Chloe, started working in the company. She was assigned in California to do the whole Interior Design of the Petrakis-Monteiro project, the New World Hotel and Beach Resort - where she was reunited with her ex-boyfriend, and my best friend, Iñigo Monteiro.
                          I was thankful that Chloe and Iñigo already talked and they settled their differences. But the problem was, Chloe found out the truth, and now, she was so mad at me. But I knew her. She would forgive me eventually. She just needed some time to get over with her anger.
                          I was talking to Iñigo's dad, Mr. Lucas Monteiro when I heard Chloe's assistant, Rodrick, talked to Jade.
                          "Hi Jade. You look so blooming."
                          "Thanks, Rodrick."
                          "I envy you, having a gorgeous boyfriend."
                          "Ah... um..." Jade stammered.
                          "Your boyfriend's name was Jason Smith, right? Yeah, I saw his name in the newspaper... blah...blah....blah..."
                          She has a boyfriend? All this time, she has a boyfriend? Fucking Shit!
                          Furious. Betrayed. Cheated. That's what I felt right now.
                          Chloe started her presentation and I was not in the mood to listen. I was so bothered and furious. I clenched my fists several times to control the rage that was building deep inside me. How could you do this to me, Jade?
                          
                          My best friend, Iñigo arrived. It diverted my attention for a while, but still I couldn't help getting angry at Jade. She even noticed me glaring at her angrily.
                          "Are you okay, sir?" Jade asked me.
                          "I'm FINE." I snapped at her. You're a lying bitch! I wanted to shout at her.
                          After a while, Chloe called in a break, and just in time my phone rang. It was from the Japanese Freight Shipping Lines that I submitted a quotation for building three cargo ships.
                          "I'm sorry Mr. Petrakis. The board of directors declined your quotation. You submitted it too late. They already signed a contract to the other ship manufacturer when we received the email and..."
                          "We lost the deal with the Japanese Freight Shipping Lines." I told Jade about the deal, gritting my teeth.
                          "Why? We gave them the best offer." Jade's eyes widened with shock.
                          "Thanks to you. You submitted it too late."
                          "What? But you said to wait for your signal. I just did what you advised me to do. You wanted to be the last one to submit the quotations." 
                          "So, it's my fault now? HA! Blame that stupid, moronic and idiotic brain of yours, sweetheart."
                          Jade's face instantly turned red. She immediately stood up and ran out of the conference room.
                          HOLY SHIT! What have I done! I messed up with her again. 
                          I stood up and went after her.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***
                          

Chapter Twenty Seven

Chapter Twenty Seven (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          
                          "I think to myself that when you're in love, sometimes you have to swallow your pride, and sometimes you have to fight to keep your pride. It's a balance. But when the relationship is right, you find that balance." ― Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          Tears were blinding my eyes and choking my voice. I couldn't hold the tears from falling down on my cheeks anymore. I stood up immediately and ran towards the girls bathroom. 
                          Eros might think that I was rude by instantly leaving him. But, who cares! He was rude himself. He didn't care wheher he hurt me or not.
                          I felt like my head was being hit by a baseball bat and iced water splashed on my face. Realization hit me. He was still the same ruthless, devil and arrogant man I'd known. I thought he already changed. 
                          I didn't believe in the saying 'First impressions last.' But on his case, it was true. Oh God... I was wrong about him. He wouldn't changed - EVER. Once a devil, always a devil. 
                          Disappointed. Angry. Heartbroken. 
                          My mind was in turmoil and I felt a stabbing pain in my heart. Well, he was right. He was really right. I was stupid... because I started falling for him. 
                          I didn't want to cry but I couldn't help it. I was so hurt. Oh God, and to think that I thought he cared for me... and even liked me... and all the while he thought I was stupid, a moron and an idiot.
                          God knew how much I exerted effort to do my job very well – not just because it was expected of me, but also, in order to please him and make him happy. I learned the business with all my heart to understand it and keep up with him. I did everything he advised me to do. From paperworks to his personal stuffs. I even prioritized my job and HIM over my family – My mom's birthday last year, I was with him in Toronto and during Sapphire's school family day, I was in the Petrakis' family reunion. 
                          He was so unfair. He blamed me for losing that Japanese Shipping Lines' business deal when I was just following his orders. He clearly advised me to wait for his instructions and I did.
                          I sighed, clasped my hands together and stared at them. All of the sudden, I became so disappointed. That business deal worth an awful lot of money. Billions of dollars. I knew that, part of that money would go to Eros foundation for hungry children in different parts of the world. He always made sure to donate a portion of his income. Well... he actually had a right to be furious. But... No. He still called me stupid, moron and an idiot.
                          I hate him! He's very insensitive, cruel and... heartless.
                          I went to the ladies bathroom and turned the doorknob. It was locked. But I heard someone talking inside, so I knocked and rattled the doorknob. 
                          The bathroom door instantly half-opened by Chloe. 
                          "Jade!" Chloe's voice rose in surprise. "Are you okay?"
                          I stormed inside the Ladies' room and headed towards the sink. I removed my black-rimmed big eyeglasses and opened the faucet. I washed my face and blew my nose.
                          "Yes, I'm fine. Please don't mind me." My voice trembled. Then I bit my lips to control the sobs. I just couldn't stop crying.
                          "You're upset. Did Eros shout at you?" Chloe showed her concern on me. She became my close friend since Eros brought me to their family dinner in their mansion almost two years ago. 


 "Yes. He blamed me for losing that deal with the Japanese Freight Ship Company. He advised me to wait for his instruction and prioritize the other deals... and now he called me a stupid, moron, idiot... I swear, I'm going to quit." I was really upset that I choked on my own words. I took a paper towel and wiped my face on it. I felt so broken and confused that I subconsciously removed my wig. 
                           Chloe looked at me in surprise. A soft gasp escaped her lips. Then she cleared her throat and said. "Don't quit Jade. I'm sure Eros didn't mean what he said. You are a clever woman, everybody knows that. Besides, he couldn't function without you. I'll talk to him."
                          "Please don't. Knowing your brother... he is so heartless. He thought he is the Supreme Being, the greatest, perfect and not capable of making mistakes, ugh! I'm sorry Chloe. I just hate him so much now." I said while fixing my hair in a bun and put on my wig again.
                                   Chloe grinned. "You forgot, domineering and a controlling jerk. I still hate him for what he did to me and Iñigo, but... I don't have a choice, he is still my brother. I couldn't bear hating him for long, because I know, he loves me and was only doing what he thought what was best for me." She faced the mirror and fixed her hair. "He really needs a woman who wouldn't think of him as very superior, someone who is his equal and matches his personality... and someone who would bring his knees down on the ground." She folded her arms across her chest.
                                   "I don't think she is born yet."
                                   "I guess she already is." She tossed her head and smiled." I have to go. See you later, Jade."
                                   "Yeah, thanks Chloe." I replied before Chloe went out of the bathroom.
                                   I wiped my tear strickened face with the paper towel. Then, I looked at my bloodshot eyes in the mirror.  The tears wouldn't stop falling down my cheeks and I wiped it again and again with the paper towel.
                                   Then I heard a gentle knock. "Jade, I know you're in there. Open the door."
                                   My heart hammered against my ribs when I heard his voice. A knot rose in my throat, preventing me to speak. I decided too keep silent and ignore him. My tears became uncontrollable. It was pouring down my cheeks faster now. 
                                   "Jade, I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me. I was so stupid saying that." He was rattling the door now.
                                   I stayed quiet, listening to him. I went nearer to the door and leaned my back on the tiled wall.
                                   "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. I was upset... of something." Then, I heard him groaned. "Jade, open the door. I want to see your face when I talk to you." He rattled the doorknob forcefully now. "You know damn well, you are NOT stupid... in fact, you are a very intelligent. I'm the one who is stupid for saying that to you."
                                   "I don't blame you for losing that contract. It was entirely my fault, okay? You're just following my instructions. And who cares if we haven't closed that deal, we couldn't cater it anyway, we have more bigger upcoming projects. I don't want you to bother about it. It's fine."
                                   Really? I don't believe you. I know how important your business deals are to you. It's like an air that you breathe or a water to quench your thirst.
                                   "Jade, open the door NOW, or I'll knock it down."
                                   Seriously? No way. The great Eros Petrakis won't do that. You're just trying to scare the hell out of me, jerk!
                                   "Talk to me dammit!"
                                   "Okay, you left me no choice. I'm going to knock it down in ten seconds."
                                   Really? Go ahead superman. But I know, you won't. I went to the big mirror and wiped my tears. I heaved a sigh then waited for him to count from ten to zero. I would open it in zero. 
                          
                          BLAG!!!
                          My whole body jerked up from the loud sound of the door slamming down on the floor. My goodness! Eros kicked the door down!
                          I was so shocked and my nerves were shaken. I saw him straightened up and fixed his suit. Then he entered the ladies bathroom like nothing happened. His silvery gray eyes pierced the distance between us.
                          I just stood there merely staring at him, tongue-tied. My breath caught up in my lungs and my heart – was beating foolishly. I was tormented by confusing emotions. Excitement. Angry. Hurt.
                          His eyes held mine as he strode towards me. He came close, looking down at me intensely. His eyes were gentle and understanding and his gaze was as soft as a caresss.
                          "Jade." He stopped in front of me.
                          "You were not counting." I swallowed hard, lifted my chin and boldly met his gaze.
                           "What are you talking about?"
                          "Never mind." I said tersely. "Why did you break the door? You can get the master key from the building in-charge in just a phone call." I bit my lip to stifle the outcry within me.
                          He groaned and shook his head. "Stop fretting about that damn door. I was worried about you. You didn't answer me. I thought something bad happened to you."
                          "As you can see, I'm fine. Just leave me alone." I tried to speak with even tone, to hide the shivering of my voice. I clenched my jaw to kill the sob in my throat.
                          "You're not fine. You're upset." He shook his head disapprovingly. "I feel terrible. I made you cry."
                          I drew a deep breath and forbade myself to tremble. "Don't be. I'm used to it." 
                          "Jade. I'm sorry. I always think of you as an intelligent girl. You are far from being stupid, you know that. You wouldn't be my personal assistant if you are."
                          I averted my eyes to the wall. I couldn't look at him. I was so mad at him. I could forgive him easily, but I still couldn't forget. It would take me days or weeks to do that. 
                          I rubbed my forehead and stole a look at him. "If you don't mind, I... I'm not feeling well. Excuse me."
                          I started to move towards the door, but he was so quick in blocking my way. I immediately stepped backward to avoid contact with his tense, hard body.
                          "Jade."
                          "Please... I need to be alone."
                          He nodded. "Sure. Take the afternoon off. I'll tell Donovan to take you home."
                              "No. Just... leave me alone." I replied, then spun around and left him.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends***

Chapter Twenty Eight

Chapter Twenty Eight (Unedited)
                          
                          ---Kindly put your playlist here---
                          
                          "You are an amazing person, and I don't know where the feelings that you give me come from. What I do know is that I am completely and utterly into you and I want time to freeze so I can be with you all the time and not have to think of anything else at all. I like literally everything about you, including the way your face shows everything you're thinking and especially the way it looks when we are together and your hair is back and your eyes are closed and your lips are open just a little bit. Okay. That's all I wanted to say. Delete this." ― Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          "Jade doesn't have a boyfriend. Jason Smith is gay. He's married to a guy named Walter Graham, since a year ago. They even adopted a baby girl, which Jade's mother babysits." Donovan said, who was trailing behind me. We were on our way up to my penthouse.
                          "Are you sure that you got the right guy?"
                          "One hundred percent sure. There's no other Jason Smith that Jade is connected to. And he works as a journalist in a daily newspaper. Rodrick confirmed it also when our female accomplice showed the picture to him."
                          So, it was confirmed. Jade didn't have a boyfriend.
                          The heaviness in my chest suddenly lifted. I felt relieved and elated – more than closing a major deal - like a new opportunity opened... new hopes and chances. 
                          But I felt terrible. Why? Because I messed up with Jade again. With her, I became irrational and illogical. I became confused, sometimes terrified of what I felt for her. It really sucks! I even threatened her, shouted at her, called her awful names and became cruel to her. Everything I did to fight the attraction I felt for her.
                          And now, she was upset and obviously hated me. Who wouldn't? I called her stupid, moronic and idiotic. I didn't know what drove me to say those mean things to her. I just got so furious when I learned that she had a boyfriend. The thought of her with another man drove me crazy. 
                          For Christ's sake, I was the one who was acting stupid and a moron. I couldn't control my emotions. I always had ambivalent feelings when I was with her.
                          I made another stupid thing in the ladies bathroom this morning. I broke the door. Jade was right. I should have called the building in-charge for the master key. Why didn't I think of that? Damn it, I was overruled by my emotions again – and THAT made me terrified.
                           It broke my heart when I saw Jade struggled to maintain her composure – to hide the hurt she felt. She was crying. Her eyes were puffy and red. She was clutching a paper towel. 
                          She looked so pale and fragile standing there. Her eyes widened and her mouth opened in shock when I knocked down the bathroom door. I was afraid she would pass out.
                          At that moment, I wanted to comfort her – tell her that everything was fine. I wanted to put my arms around her and keep her safe in there. I just wanted to protect her and take all the burdens that she'd been carrying. Damn, if only I had everything in my own way...
                          Yeah, I cared for her... a lot. I enjoyed being with her, to the point that I wanted to be with her always. In times that we were not together, she was always in my mind. She was the first thing I think of when I wake up and the last thing before I go to sleep. 


This was something I'd never felt before. And this feeling was confusing, really terrifying and it sucks!
                                   "She's so upset. She wouldn't forgive me." My voice broke miserably. I sat down on my living room sofa and stretched my body. I put my legs on top of the center table.
                                   "Give her a peace offering." Rod Brent suggested. I summoned him the moment we arrived in the penthouse.
                                   "Hmm... that's a great idea Rod. I've been thinking of buying her a new car, perhaps a convertible." My eyes lit up. This was a great opportunity to give her a new car. She would learn how to drive. It would be very convenient for her to take her family in the park, movies, church or wherever they wanted to go. 
                                   "A car? That's too much." Donovan disagreed.
                                   "How about a whole new wardrobe? Jade obviously needs one." Rod laughed.
                                   I shot Rod a cold look. "That's not funny."
                          "Sorry boss, I'm just kidding."  He shrugged his shoulders. "Maybe she will like jewelries -  a diamond. They said that diamonds are girl's bestfriends."
                                   Donovan shook his head. "I don't think so, not our Jade. She's different from the girls you're referring to. She's not materialistic. You can't buy her forgiveness with expensive things."
                                   "So what do you suggest? Flowers and chocolates? That's too old fashion."
                                   "Why not? Jade is an old-fashioned girl. Or you can give her something that she would surely love, like stuff toys, pillows, music box and picture frames."
                                   I grinned and said. "I know what she likes."
                          Jade's POV
                          "Dee! Wake up. Dee. OPEN UP!" My sister Sapphire was knocking on my bedroom door so loudly. I opened my one eye and peered at the alarm clock on my bedside table, it was still seven o'clock. I groaned. It was Sunday, my rest day. Time to pamper myself to bed and woke up whenever I wanted to.
                          "Dee, hurry! You're boss is here!"
                          My eyes suddenly opened wide. 
                          Eros is here? Did I hear it right? Eros is here? It's Sunday!
                          
                          I immediately stood up and opened the door. I was instantly awake and fully charged. 
                          "Dee! You took so long to wake up." Saph almost yelled at me the moment I opened my bedroom door.
                          "What did you say? My boss is here?"
                          "Yes. He's downstairs talking to mom. And he brought something... hmm... delicious looking pancakes with fresh strawberries syrup and whipped cream on top."
                          "What?! Oh my G! Oh my G! What is he doing in here? It's Sunday for heaven's sake!" 
                          "I don't know. Just hurry up, okay. I'll see you downstairs. I'm going to attack that pancakes right now, my mouth is watering already." Sapphire said and left my room.
                          I ran in a panic towards the bathroom and took my toothbrush, then went out and took my towel... went back to the bathroom... then came out again and took my wig... I brushed my teeth, clean my face... then decided to take a half-bath... WHEW! I was done in ten minutes.
                          I went downstairs so fast and headed directly to the living room. But, he was not there.
                          Where is he? I looked outside the window and saw Eros' Bugatti Veyron parked across our house' main door. Then I heard my mom's voice coming from the kitchen followed by a man's deep voice. 


I went to the kitchen and found Eros sitting behind the bar counter drinking coffee. He looked so fresh and gorgeous in plain white shirt and faded worn out jeans. His hair was still wet from the shower. He was laughing, listening to Sapphire talking about the otaku characters.
                          Sapphire was beside him eating pancakes with gusto, while mom was behind the stove, cooking.
                          "Hi." I said, to catch their attention.
                          Three pairs of eyes gazed at me. My breath quickened and my cheeks felt warm. I was embarrassed having Eros in our home and meeting my family.
                          "Jade, look what Eros brought." Mom showed me the pancake. "Your favorite, pancake with fresh strawberries."
                          Mom called him Eros? They are very close now?
                          "This is so delicious. I can't believe that a billionaire like Eros can make delicious pancakes." Sapphire said. 
                          My goodness, even Saph called him Eros! When did they decided to call him in first name basis? Feeling close?
                          "Saph!" I scolded my sister. Sapphire had a habit of being tackless sometimes and really not careful of what she was saying.
                          Eros chuckled. "I know how to cook varied cuisine. I started cooking when I was in college. I just enjoy it."
                          "Wow! What's your specialty?" Sapphire asked.
                          "Buffalo chicken wings. My family and friends love it. They said it's really delicious."
                          "Wish we could try it too. Jade loves buffalo chicken wings. It's her favorite."
                          "Really? I never know that." His eyes suddenly held mine. He looked so amused. "Next time, I'll bring buffalo chicken wings."
                          "No... no... don't bother. Actually, I love different kinds of food... like carbonara, sushi, chicken adobo, biryani, paella, siomai, ramen and a lot more." I rolled my eyes. Sapphire was crazy feeding him information about me. I was afraid that next time, she would tell him that I was wearing a wig.
                          "But buffalo chicken wings is her favorite. Right mom?" Saph insisted.
                          "Right." My mom agreed and arched her eyebrows,  giving me a private message. Talk to him, now.
                          
                          "Um... can I talk to you, I mean..." I said, nodding at him, a signal for him to follow me.
                          "Sure." Eros stood up and followed me in the living room.
                          "What are you doing here?" I asked him, once we were alone.
                          "I brought you pancakes."
                          "Why?" 
                          "A peace offering?" He replied.
                          I heaved a sigh. "You shouldn't have bothered."
                          "Why not? I know you love pancakes."
                          "Yeah, but please... I just want to be alone... to think."
                          "To think about what?" He groaned and ran his hand through his hair. "Don't ever think of resigning. I won't let you."
                          "You can't stop me if I want to."
                          "You know I can, Jade." He exhaled heavily and put his hands on his hips. 
                          "OH, you're impossible. Just leave me alone. You shouldn't be here."
                          "Why not? I want to see you. To know if you're still upset."
                          "Now, you know that I am. So you can go now."
                          "Jade, please, I'm sorry. I promise you, it won't happen again. I'll do anything... I mean anything, for your forgiveness."
                          "Really?"
                          "Really. I won't stop until you forgive me."
                          I knew he meant it and he wouldn't leave me alone, until I forgive him.
                          "Okay." I put my arms under my chest and lifted my chin up. "Hmm.. I'm craving for buffalo chicken wings right now."
                          He smiled and shouted. "Yes!"
                          That morning, I accompanied him to the nearest grocery store. We bought the ingredients for his buffalo chicken wings and for his caesar salad. He also bought some red wine to complement the dishes. 
                          At quarter to eleven, he started cooking - in our kitchen. I was beside him always - as his assistant. I was really amazed how skillful he was in the kitchen. Marinating the chicken, frying it, cutting the vegetables and making the salad dressing.
                          Eros had lunch with us in our house. He looked at ease and comfortable with us. Mom and Sapphire were always laughing at his jokes. He talked about anything... and simple things like an ordinary guy. He listened earnestly about Sapphire's girly talks, my mom's gossip about the neighbor and hollywood celebrities, etc. He was interested in everything that we do. 
                          I stared at him and he stared back at me. I smiled and he smiled at me too. I didn't know what that means but... he looked so different from the arrogant, ruthless, controlling and manipulative Eros Petrakis I'd known... totally, not a devil now... but a saint.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***

Chapter Twenty Nine

Chapter Twenty Nine (Unedited)
                          
                          ---Kindly put your playlist here---
                          
                          Its hard to pretendyou love someone when you don'tbut its harder to pretendthat you don't love someonewhen you really do.
                          -- Anonymous 
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          "Wow, nice teeth! You look more beautiful without your braces, Dee." Saphire said. She was in the living room watching her favorite Korean Drama TV series, Boys Over Flowers, and eating Cheetos.
                          "I feel so weird that I can't feel the metal anymore. My teeth feels smooth and a bit weak." I smiled at her, feeling relieved that my braces were gone.
                          "Awwweeee... and your smile looks so cute."
                          "Ohhhhh... thanks, Saph." I put my bag on top of the center table then settled comfortably in the arm chair.
                          "By the way, I was chatting with Joseph a while ago." 
                          "Really?" My heart jumped suddenly. The mention of Joseph Nevin, my ultimate crush startled me. Well, not the same way as it did before, that my heart really pounded foolishly and lurched painfully in my chest – but still my heart sang with delight at the mention of his name. 
                          I still had a crush on him, even though it was already four years since I last saw him. The thought of him sometimes lingered in my mind. It was not easy to forget him, in just a snap of my fingers. He was my bestfriend, like my brother and my adviser. 
                          But my idea of a prince charming changed. When I dreamed at night, my prince charming's hair changed, from blond to black. His physique became lean and strong. Even the tone of his voice became more authoritative and commanding.
                          I knew why. Because of Eros.
                          I couldn't help but fell in love with him. Who wouldn't? I saw him almost everyday. He was strikingly handsome, confident, very intelligent, hard  working, caring and funny... yes he was, with his crazy jokes and corniest pick up lines... one time, I almost died of laughter. He was a different man when we were together and I felt that we had a connection... a rapport that both of us only understood.
                          BUT, Eros was off-limits. He didn't believe in love and romance. The thought of ME and HIM, together, forever – nah... 
                          Too many times, I told myself not to fall for him because I would just end up being hurt. But my heart wouldn't listen! I tried so hard but it was just too impossible. He was like a Greek god.
                          I'm only human. Was my frequent excuse. 
                          But I knew how to control my emotions. I tried to stay calm and not affected by his smile, his stares and his charms. I didn't want to humiliate myself because I knew that he wouldn't love or marry a girl like me. He saw me as his secretary, a friend or someone he relied on to do his stuffs. 
                          Yes, he cared for me, I could feel it, but... I didn't want to put meaning on it. It probably meant nothing to him.
                          I didn't want to embarrass myself again, just like what happened with Joseph. I thought he loved me, because he was so sweet, loving and caring. I felt like a princess when I was with him. He introduced me to his friends, hugged me and kissed my forehead, helped me with my homework and even with the household chores. I fell madly and deeply in love with him that my world started to revolve around him. BUT, all the while, I misinterpreted his actions. He loved and cared for me like his baby sister. I was stupid to think that he was head over heels in love with me.


I didn't want to experience the same mistake again. It was better to wait for the guy to confess his feelings first, rather than the other way around – to save from another embarrassment.
                          "How is he?" I asked Saph. I was still curious about Joseph's whereabouts.
                          "He is already a doctor and is now practicing in Canada."
                          "Oh, that's great! He finally fulfilled his dream."
                          "Yeah... he asked for your number again, but still, I didn't give it to him. Your instruction, right."
                          "Right. Why was he asking for my number?"
                          "Dee... you were good friends, obviously he wanted to catch up things with you, for old times' sake."
                          I heaved a sigh. Yeah, but he rejected me. Well, not literally... but I felt rejected and embarrassed. I shouldn't have kissed him. The last time that we were together was not a happy memory. How I wished I could turn back the clock and never confessed my feelings for him.
                          "He said he was here in New York six months ago with his girlfriend. He was really hoping to see then, but... he didn't have your number, too bad."
                          "Girlfriend?"
                          "Yes. He has a girlfriend and they just got engaged."
                          "What?!" I felt a sudden piercing pain in my chest, like my heart was squeezed tightly. Joseph is engage? No!
                          
                          I was so shocked. I couldn't accept the fact that Joseph, my Joseph was already engaged to get married. Tears immediately welled in my eyes.
                          "Her fiancée is also a doctor. They worked in the same hospital in Canada. I saw her picture, she looks so pretty - and guess what? She has long ginger red hair, like yours." Saph continued  "The wedding will be in two weeks in Canada. He wanted us to come."
                          
                          I can't take this. Oh God, help me. I felt like the world immediately crumbled and I was falling down a hollow endless pit. I felt so shattered that I couldn't breath. Oh... I actually couldn't breath, the pain ran so deep. I felt like I was going to collapse.
                          
                          "Dee? Are you okay? You look so pale."
                          "Yes... I'm okay. Excuse me." I suddenly stood up and ran upstairs... to my room, where I cried the whole night.
                          Eros' POV
                          What is wrong with Jade? Is she sick? She's been like that for a week now. 
                          
                          Lifeless. Miserable. Gloomy.
                          I asked her if a family member died or sick, if she had a problem or anything that caused her distress – but she said no. She just said that she wasn't able to sleep well last night. 
                          I tried to make her happy. I bought her two boxes of fresh milk to help her sleep. The following day, I bought her all the novels of her favorite author, John Green. Then, I asked Donovan to send her buffalo chicken wings. I appeared in her doorstep last night, bringing her favorite cookies and cream Häagen-Daz ice cream. 
                          "What is wrong with her?" I asked Donovan, who was driving my Land Rover.
                          "She's probably having PMS."
                          "What?"
                          "PMS. Pre-menstrual syndrome. Girls often has that every month."
                          "Yeah, I know that. Choe has that. Her mood swings were very irritating, she became so bitchy and hysterical. But no- I don't think Jade has that. I've never seen her like this before."


"Maybe, there's something bothering her." Donovan replied.
                          "I was thinking the same. I wish she would tell me. I can't stand seeing her like this." I groaned aloud and sat in lonely silence, looking at the people and the vehicles outside the car's window.
                          ***Iñigo Monteiro and Chloe Petrakis Wedding***
                          
                                   "When are you planning to get married?" My uncle Raymund asked.
                                   "You should get married soon. We need an heir for our business." My dad, Markos said.
                                   "Have you seen Stella? She looks so lovely. It's time to make a move Eros. How will you marry her if you won't make a move?" Mom whispered on our way to the wedding reception.
                                   "I was your age when I married Sophia." Iñigo's grandpa, Enrique Monteiro said.
                                   "Yes, what are you waiting for? If you found the girl you truly love, then marry her." Sophia Monteiro said.
                                   "Eros, I want you to meet Taylor, she's single. Maybe you guys want to go out on a date?" Cassandra, my cousin said. She introduced me to all her lady friends in the reception – Selena, Miley, Vanessa, Ariana, etc.
                                   "Did you ever consider marrying my sister? If so, you should act on it now. Men are lining up to ask for her hand in marriage." Xander Valiente said.  
                          
                                   I grinned and waved my hand. "Count me out man, I hate lining up." I swallowed my whiskey, neat, in one gulp, then left the bar. 
                          I disliked Xander Valiente, Stella's older brother. He was the one who controlled his family's business. He was really a smart guy but very hard headed and wouldn't take no for an answer. I refused to transact business deals with people like that. He always wanted to win— and because of his attitude, what happened? One year ago, his fiancee ran away, one week before their wedding. For sure, she was scared of marrying a brute like him.
                          I hated it when everyone was pressuring me to get married. Just because Chloe got married didn't mean that I should get married also. Dammit! I'm still young and enjoying my life being single. 
                          I decided to look for someone sane to talk with. Just in time, I spotted my grandma, Karina Anderson, alone in the table, watching the guests dancing on the dance floor.
                                   "Hi grandma. Do you want to dance?"
                                   "Later. I was dancing with your father a while ago, my feet hurts. Look at him now, dancing with your mother. They look so sweet and very much in love."
                                   I smirked. "Yeah... after all the struggles he went through... I'm glad that he still ended up with mom."
                          "Eros, when are you going to get married? It would make me so happy seeing you getting married and have kids before I die." 
                          Oh God, not again.
                          "Me? Grandma, I'm afraid you have to keep strong and healthy to live much longer because I haven't even met yet the woman I wanted to marry." I teased her. Then my eyes caught at Jade who was walking towards me, holding one of my business phones. 
                          "What is it Jade?"
                          "Sorry to bother you, Mr. Petrakis, but you have an important call from Germany, about the business deal we're working on."
                          "Ok, I'll take it." I took the phone from Jade and signalled her to go and join the party. She still looked so miserable, and I started getting so worried about her.
                          "Ja. Das ist Herr Eros Petrakis."
                                      "Hallo Herr Petrakis. Dies ist der Finanzverantwortlichen der German Marine International Shipping Company, Klein Bergmann." The man in the other line said.
                                      "Ja. Ich wartete auf Ihren Anruf."
                                      "Es tut mir leid , Ihnen mitzuteilen, Sir . Wir können Ihnen nicht das Projekt."
                                      "Warum?" Cold sweat ran down my back. I couldn't lost this project, I wouldn't allow it. This was a major deal – construction of ten cargo ships. I had to win this project by hook or by crook.
                                      ***One hour after***
                                      I was alone in the bar. Drinking whiskey– partly celebrating, alone. Yes, The German Marine Company considered my quotations. I should be very happy, but I was so bothered.
                                      I remembered my conversation with Mr. Bergmann a while ago.
                                      "The board of directors won't award the project to you Mr. Petrakis because they thought that you're still too young to negotiate business with them. They were afraid that you wouldn't keep the terms of the contract. They had a bad experience with a young bachelor businessman before, and he was irresponsably handled the project. He didn't finish the project on time and the materials used were substandards. The board won't trust a young bachelor businessman anymore."
                                      "I have a very good reputation Mr. Bergmann. You can background check my credibility in handling a business."
                                      "I know Mr. Petrakis, even the board of directors know that. But they implemented a new policy now. They didn't want to negotiate with a young bachelor ever again."
                                      I inhaled deeply and my mind started to function -  thinking of strategies, plans, decisions... to convince the board of directors.
                                      Then I saw Jade, dancing on the dance floor with my cousin, Paul. I was amazed that she danced very well.
                                      I didn't know what came over me. But a decision was finally said and done. "Actually Mr. Bergmann, I'm engaged to marry very soon."
                                      I heard Mr. Bergmann laughed. "Is that so? I'm sure the board will consider your quotations now, Mr. Petakis. I'll let them know about your engagement, rightaway."
                                      After thirty minutes, Mr. Bergmann called. "The board considered your quotations Mr. Petrakis. I suggest you get married sooner, so we can start discussing the terms of the contract."
                          
                          ***Vote, Share and Comment***
                           
                          Translation:
                          Eros: "Yes. This is Eros Petrakis."
                          Klein Bergman: "Hello Mr. Petrakis. This is the Finance Officer of German Marine International shipping Company, Klein Bergmann."
                          Eros:  "Yes, I was waiting for your call."
                          Klein Bergman:  "I'm sorry to inform you sir. We can't give you the project."
                          Eros:  "Why?

Chapter Thirty

Chapter Thirty (Unedited)
                          
                          ---Kindly put your playlist here---
                          "Love is not an equation, it is not a contract, and it is not a happy ending. Love is the slate under the chalk, the ground that buildings rise, and the oxygen in the air. It is the place you come back to, no matter where your headed" ― Jodi Picoult
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          I was drinking champagne and dancing at the wedding reception with Paul, Eros cousin. I was burying my heartaches away. I just wanted to forget about Joseph and have fun that night.
                          He didn't love me... he didn't love me! He thought of me as his younger sister only and a good friend. I should forget about him and move on.
                          Yeah, there's plenty of fish in the ocean... and I'm still young. I'm not ready to marry Joseph or anyone, right now. I'm not yet done with my studies and there's our daily expenses, monthly bills and mom's maintenance. Aside from that, Sapphire will be going to college very soon. We need to save a lot of money for that. I'm just so thankful that mom won a house. It helps us save the monthly house rental.
                          
                          Who needs a man now? Not me.
                          I took a flute of champagne from the roaming waiter when Eros suddenly appeared behind me.
                          "I'm glad you're having fun."
                          I turned around and faced him. He stood there looking so handsome in his gray tuxedo and with a small smile of enchantment touched his lips.
                          "Yup. The wedding is so beautiful, it's like a fairy tale movie." I said and lifted the flute to my lips. I drank almost half of its content. Then, he was eyeing me up and down and I wondered why. I frowned then looked at my purple satin dress for some stain, and then to my one-inch silver shoes.
                          "You look very beautiful tonight."
                          My brows flickered a little, I couldn't believe what I'd heard. "T-thank you." I felt awkward all of the sudden. I was not used hearing him complimenting my appearance.
                           "I noticed that you're not wearing your braces anymore."
                          "Um... yes. It was removed last Sunday."
                          The smile in his eyes contained a sensuos flame. "You should smile more often. You look prettier when you do."
                          Another compliment. My cheeks felt warm now due to embarrassment.
                          I was surprised when he reached out and caught my hand with his. Then, he took the flute of champagne out of my grasp.
                          "Hey, that's mine."
                          "Not anymore. You had enough of this for tonight." He replied then drank the remaining of my champagne, bottoms up.
                          He had been watching me? Did I hear him right? I was confused... maybe he was right. I was drunk.
                          He laced his fingers through mine and pulled me to the dance floor. My first instinct was to pull my hand away from his electrifying touch, but he held it strongly. "Come, dance with me."
                          "I can't. My feet is aching already." I was dancing fast music with Paul almost all night and I was a bit tired and tipsy.
                          He twisted his lips and seemed disappointed of my hesitation.
                          "Okay, just one dance." I told him.
                          He smiled and guided me to the dance floor. Just in time, the music turned slow and sweet and then the lights were automatically dimmed. Oh-oh.
                          ♪♫When your looks don't work like they used to before And I can't sweep you off of your feet ♪
                                   I was hesitant for a moment and stayed frigid on the dance floor. No. I couldn't do this. Not with him. My brain was freaking out, saying NO, but my body was such a traitor. My sleeping nerves came alive, clapping and dancing with excitement.
                          
                          ♬♪Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks♪
                          
                          But it was too late. Eros swung me to the circle of his arms.  One hand stayed in the small of my back and his other hand held my hand to his chest. I gasped at the sudden contact of his body. I was trapped, gilded and imprisoned in his arms.
                          "Relax." He whispered, his breath hot against my ear.
                          My heart raced and my breathing was uneven. I could even hear my heart beating so loudly in my ears. Lub-dub... lub-dub...
                          ♪♪And darling I will be loving you 'til we're 70 And baby my heart could still fall as hard at 23 And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe just the touch of a hand Oh me I fall in love with you every single day And I just wanna tell you I am♭♪
                          Later on, I relaxed and succombed to the warmness of his embrace and began enjoying the feel of his arms around me. His touch sent a delightful shiver through me and I was conscious of where his warm flesh touched mine. The occasional jolt of his thigh brushing my hip made my body tingled from the contact.
                          We swayed together in rhythm with the music. Our breath mingled together and I could feel his, warm against my face. I inhaled his pure masculine scent deeply – and instantly, all my hormones were running wildly in circles – partying, celebrating.
                          At that moment, I totally forgot all about Joseph.
                          
                          ♮♪♫ So honey now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud Maybe we found love right where we are ♪♫♯

Chapter Thirty One

Chapter Thirty One (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                           "So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday." ― Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          **Monday morning, 10:15 a.m.**
                          "What? You lost the German contract?" Jade looked so disappointed. Her lips twisted in exasperation. She was sitting on a chair in front of my desk, holding her notepad and pen.
                          "Yeah." I took a sip of my espresso. I leaned my head back on my chair and gazed at jade, who looked so upset now.
                          "We can't lost that project, it's a major business deal -  ten cargo vessels." She shook her head in dismay. She worked hard for the project too. Helping me made the quotation, coordinate with the suppliers of materials, the installers and estimating the cost together with our finance officer."
                          "I just did." 
                          "First, the Japanese contract... and now, this. I can't believe this is happening. Is there something that we can do to change their minds?" She flung her hands out in despair.
                          I twirled my black pen between my fingers. "Actually there is."
                          "There is?" Her eyes brightened. Hope and chances were visible on her face.
                          "Yes. I can still remedy the situation – if you'll help me."
                          "Really?" An expression of satisfaction showed in her eyes. "Of course, I'll do anything I can to help you get that project, you know I would."
                          I inhaled deeply trying to compose myself. I knew she would hate me for suggesting this, but I had to. "Anything?"
                          "Yes, anything." She answered confidently.
                          "Even to the point of marrying me?"
                          Jade's eyes immediately widened and her mouth dropped open. A soft gasp escaped from her lips and intense astonishment touched her pale face. Then a smile touched her lips. "Are you kidding me?"
                          "No, I'm not." I said firmly and gave her a very serious look.
                          "I don't understand." She stiffened and inclined her head. 
                          "They rejected my quotation because I'm young and single. Their company implemented a  policy not to engage business with a young bachelor again because of a bad experience they had before."
                          "You are a credible person - you have a very good standing in business and dealing with your clients. Everybody in the business world knows that."
                          "Thank you, but they won't consider that. They stick with their policy. Anyway, they assured me that they will award the project to me once I'll get married – the sooner, the better, so that a contract will be drawn immediately."
                          "That's... absurd!"
                          "I know. But that's the only way to get hold of that contract."
                          "And you want me to marry you?"
                          "Yes. If we'll get married, we can closed that business deal and their succeeding projects. We will have an edge over the others and everything will be in our favor. Many important clients would trust us."


"Why me?"
                          "Why not you? You know me better that anyone else, even more than my own mother."
                          "How about Stella Valiente or anyone you've dated?"
                          Because it's only you I wanted to be with, no one else. I wanted to say that to her but thought it was not a good idea. It would scare her away. 
                          "NO. This marriage is temporary, a marriage of convenience – like a business deal. Other girls wouldn't understand that. A contract will be drawn up and all the conditions will be meticulously stipulated."
                          "What? My goodness. I'm not a robot that you will just order to marry you, Mr. Petrakis. Marriage is sacred to me, it is based on love, trust and respect -  it is not a business contract."
                          He shook his head disapprovingly. "I thought you said you are willing to help me close that deal. You would do anything, remember?"
                          "Yes, but marriage... that's too much. You should at least marry the woman you love."
                          "I'm not in love with anyone. Are you?" The thought of her in love with any other guy made my temper flared. My blood simmered with rage and jealousy.
                          She stayed silent for a while – thinking. Dammit. Why couldn't she just answer yes or no immediately? The suspense was killing me.
                          "No." She answered after a while.
                          I cleared my throat and adjusted my tie. I felt so relieved with her answer. "So, what's the problem?"
                          "What's the problem? Your suggestion is ridiculous!"
                          He leaned forward and placed his arms on his desk. "Think of the merits you will get when you are my wife, Jade. You will have a lovely home, cars, beautiful clothes and jewelries, and a generous monthly allowance. Then, after our deal, you will receive a big amount of money. Just think of it as a job."
                          "A job? The description itself sounds like a keep woman."
                          "Sorry if I insulted you. I didn't mean to sound it that way."
                          "And how long are we supposed to be married?"
                          "A year. After that, my lawyer will process our divorce papers and you will receive five million dollars."
                          "Five million dollars?" 
                          "Yes, five million dollars and you will continue receiving your monthly allowance until such time that you'll get married with another man. You don't have to work anymore, Jade. You will have enough money to provide for your family and continue your college degree."
                          "You had this planned already?"
                          "I'm sorry, but yes." I nodded. 
                          She was rubbing her temple and gazed into my eyes. She looked so confused and undecided.
                          "What will your family or friends say? They won't believe that you're attracted to me. I'm not the usual type you dated."
                          "You're wrong. I see a beautiful woman in front of me. So, don't belittle yourself. You just don't want to flaunt your assets."
                          "You find me beautiful?"
                          "Of course. I always find you beautiful."
                          She twisted her fingers nervously. A habit which she never got over with. And her face turned bright red... she was blushing.
                          "Thank you. Are... Are we going to sleep together? I mean..."
                          "Yes. It will be a real marriage Jade, for a year."
                          "How could it be real when there's no love."
                          I groaned aloud. "I don't believe in love. I can't give you that. Ours will be a marriage of convenience. That thing is confusing... terrifying and painful."
                          "Can you just sleep with your mistresses, instead of having me on your bed? I'm not an expert on... on..."
                          "I don't need an expert lover. You'll be my wife and I want you on my bed for a year. But don't worry, I will not rush you. I will give you time to get use to me. I'll wait until you're ready."
                          "For how long?"
                          "I can't tell, it depends on you."
                          "What if I'll get pregnant?"
                          "You will not. Just trust me. Having a kid would complicate the situation."
                          She rubbed her head. She was obviously confused.
                          "Marry me, Jade. I promise you, you won't regret it."
                          She inhaled deeply then paused - thinking. Then she nodded a little.
                          "Is that a yes?"
                          "Um... no... er... yes... but"
                          "Good. You won't go back on your word now, will you?"
                          "Well... um... no, but..."
                          "OK. We will get married right away."
                          She gasped. "Right away? What are you rushing?"
                          "The deal remember. We need to close that German contract before they decided to offer it to the competitor."
                          "OH."
                          "Just remember that no one should know about our agreement. We need to act as a real couple in public. We can't take the risk of anyone finding out, especially the people behind the German shipping company. "
                          She put her palms on her face and nodded in compliance.
                          "Tonight, we will announced our engagement to my family. We will have a special dinner with them." I took my wallet from my pants pocket and get one of my credit cards, then handed it to her. 
                          "What's this for?" She frowned and took my credit card.
                          "You'll need it to buy a new dress and shoes for tonight. Go shopping and have your hair and makeup done. I'll tell Mrs. Wilson to fill you place in the office today."
                          Marriage for a year with Jade would benefit a lot. Closing that German business contract and their succeding projects, and definitely, referral to other prospective clients. 
                          Another advantage was having Jade on my bed for a year -  enough to satisfy my lust for her and get her out of my system. I remembered how good she felt in my arms when we danced at the wedding reception. Her touch, her scent left me breathless – the main reason why I couldn't sleep well at nights. It was too much to bear already. I wanted her so badly and I aimed in having my fill of her. Oh God, I couldn't wait.
                          "But, Mr. Petrakis."
                          "Eros. Start calling me Eros."
                          "Um... Eros."
                          "Yes, Jade." I smirked at her.
                          "If you don't mind, I have some conditions on this marriage too."
                          "Ok sure, tell me about it." Maybe she wanted more money, a new car or another house. Sure, anything. 
                          "I want my own room and...and I refuse in sleeping with you."
                          What? No way. Suddenly, all my testosterones calmed down - like being splashed with iced water. 

Chapter Thirty Two

Chapter Thirty Two (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "If he's not calling you, it's because you are not on his mind. If he creates expectations for you, and then doesn't follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. Be aware of this and realize that he's okay with disappointing you. Don't be with someone who doesn't do what they say they're going to do. If he's choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn't respect your feelings and needs. "Busy" is another word for "asshole." "Asshole" is another word for the guy you're dating. You deserve a fcking phone call." ― Greg Behrendt
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          "Jade. What a surprise!" Walter Graham, our neighbor and Jason's partner, greeted me the moment I stepped inside the famous celebrity beauty salon in Manhattan, where he was working. He was a beautician/makeup artist in there. "What brought you here my dear?"
                          "I need your help, Walter."
                          "Aah! you wan't a haircut? Or you want your ginger red hair dyed into black? No-no-no way dear, I won't allow that. That hair of yours is glorious."
                          "No. I just need a little makeover."
                          "What do you mean a makeover?" His eyesbrows arched in surprise.
                          I flung my hand from my head to toe.
                          "You mean... OH MY. Holy superman, batman, spiderman! Are you sure?" His eyes glowed with excitement and he covered his mouth with his hands in surprise.
                          I smiled at him. "I think... it's time to show the real me."
                          Finally, I decided to get rid of the ghosts in my past and moved on. I didn't want to live in fear anymore, it wouldn't get me anywhere. I had to be strong to face what really happened and learned from it. I couldn't change the terrors I experienced in my past but I could make my future – more promising and much much better.
                          Besides, if I'd marry Eros - eventually he would find out that I was wearing a wig and intentionally hid my physical appearance. He would surely ask too many questions. Why... why... why.
                          It would be better for him to see the real me now, before the wedding, rather than finding out after. He might feel deceived, lied or get mad at me.
                          The moment I revealed the real me – it was up to him if he still wanted to marry me or not.
                          When he offered the marriage deal, I had no choice. I had to accept his offer.
                          In my situation right now, I would be the biggest moron if I rejected his offer. A one year monthly allowance and five million dollars at the end of the contract, which was one year. And what more? I would continue receiving monthly allowance until such time that I would get married again.
                          Call me mercenary, selfish, gold digger, money-hungry... I didn't care anymore. I had a family that depended on me. My mom's heart was weak and she needed daily medications and supplements. On the other hand, Sapphire would be in college very soon and I needed the money for her tuition fees. I wanted her to experience what I haven't experienced – going to college and pursuing her dream, to become a physical therapist. She was a smart kid, and she deserved to finish a degree.
                          Of course, I dreamed of a comfortable life too. Sometimes, I got tired of the worries, burdens, problems that I'd been carrying since dad died four years ago. It was not easy, worrying about where to get our next meal, payment for our utility bills, medications, expenses for Sapphire's projecs, etc.


"Ohhhhh.... I love makeovers. I'm going to make you very very beautiful dear, I'm so excited." Walter said.
                          "Thank you." I smiled at him then settled on a chair.
                          "Are you going out on a date tonight?"
                          "Yeah." I replied. I was a bit embarrassed telling Walter that I had a date. He knew that I didn't go out on a date or entertained men. He knew that I hid my outer appearance for a reason but never questioned me about it.
                          "Wow! You really must like him a lot. Who's the lucky guy?"
                          "Umm... my boss."
                          "Your boss? The great Eros Petrakis?" Then he laughed aloud. "I knew it! That gorgeous boss of yours has his eyes on you. That was his style, you know, fetching you every morning to work, then bringing you pancakes and buffalo wings – awweeee I know he's crazy for you."
                          "No... It's not what you're thinking." I was blushing now, but I managed to smile at him. It was better to stay silent about the status of my pretend relationship with Eros.
                          "Now, let's give him a shock of his life when he'll see your real beauty. I want his jaw dropped and his eyes pop out. What time will you see him tonight?"
                          "Seven."
                          "Hmm." Walter said checking the wall clock. "OK, do you have a dress and stiletto heels already?"
                          "Er... not yet, but I have his credit card."
                          "Whoah! That boyfriend-to-be of yours is really something. Come on, let's go shopping first. I'll be your fairy godmother this afternoon and -- you'll be Cinderella tonight."
                          After almost two hours, I was done shopping. I bought a new black lace bodycon cocktail dress that emphasized every curve of my body. It was a bit conservative upfront with long transparent sleeves and the hem ended on my mid-thigh. But the back was so sexy – it was open down to my waist. I also bought a sexy silver four-inch stiletto heels to match my dress.
                          We went back to the beauty salon afterwards to start my makeover.
                          First thing that Walter did was asked their licensed female esthetician to do a brazilian body wax on me. My legs, underarms, pubic area (bikini waxing) and my eyebrows were waxed.
                          "Hmm... you should stop using that black eyebrow cream, dear, to hide your red eyebrows. It's turning dark." The esthetician said.
                          "Yeah, I've been using that product for almost four years."
                          "Don't worry, Walter will help you choose the right shade and product for you. He will teach you how to apply makeup properly." She said then instructed her assistants to give me a light body massage.
                          After the massage, I had a footspa, then manicure and pedicure.
                          Walter did my hair and makeup. He washed my hair and blow-dried until it shone. He just curled the edges of my hair with a curling iron to add more body on it. My makeup was simple, light and elegant – a neutral shade that complemented my ginger red hair -- and my lips, he applied a lustrous red lipstick on it.
                          I arrived home at six in the evening. Mom and Sapphire were not home yet. Mom attended a Bible study and Sapphire was still at school.
                          I immediately went to my room and changed. When I was done dressing up and put my high heels on,  I took my contact lenses inside the vanity drawer and put it in my eyes.
                          I studied my appearance in the long length mirror. I looked very different from the Jade who wore thick black rimmed eyeglasses and old-fashioned clothes. It would be hard for someone who knew me as a nerd to recognize me now, with my long ginger red hair hanging down my waist and every curve of my body flaunted.
                          This is the real me.
                          At quarter to seven, I was ready. I was still inside my room, feeling so nervous. My hands were shaking and my legs were trembling. I didn't know what to expect that night.
                          Eros' POV
                          I checked my watch, it was seven o'clock sharp. I opened the door of my Bugatti Veyron and stepped out of the car. I straightened my dinner jacket then ascended the stairs that led to the main door of the Collin's townhouse.
                          Jade insisted on her conditions of our marriage deal. She made it clear that she was willing to marry me but wouldn't sleep or share a bed with me. She argued - why would we do that and what would be the reason when the German people wouldn't know about it anyway. She even suggested for me to take a mistress to occupy my bed, to satisfy my need.
                          I was so disappointed. She just didn't care. My suspicion was right. She was not attracted to me. She saw me as her boss only. Nothing else.
                          Yes, I was very hesitant and really wanted to argue about the sleeping arrangement. But I knew I would only look stupid – and I wouldn't win the battle anyway. She was a hard-headed woman and her temper flared easily. I wondered why, when she was not even a red-haired woman.
                          I pressed the doorbell, then waited for the main door to open. I straightened my dinner jacket again and my tie. I felt edgy and so nervous. I touched the small box in my pocket, making it sure that it was still there.
                          Two minutes had past and no one opened the door. What took her so long?Where's everyone?
                          I pressed the doorbell again and suddenly... the door opened.
                          My jaw dropped and my eyes popped out when I saw the woman standing in front of me.
                          Ginger.

Chapter Thirty Three

Chapter Thirty Three (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "Everyone is perfect in their own imperfect ways. The word itself spells I'm-perfect. There is a kind of beauty in every imperfection. We're perfect in our own imperfections. Secure in our securities. Happy in our pain. Strong in our weaknesses. And most of all, happy in our own way. I am who I am. It is easier to be happy if you look beyond imperfections than trying too hard to be perfect. Why are you even trying to be perfect if you are already one by your imperfections? Beauty and imperfection are a great combination. They lead to perfection. In your simple ways, you won't even realize that you're beyond perfect. Remember; Every simple imperfection adds to your beauty. It will always be the imperfect people that will make you perfectly happy." 
                          – Perfect Imperfections by Melissa Santos (wattpad username: pink_lightning26)
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          I was shocked and tongue-tied. I just merely stared at Ginger.
                          I blinked my eyes several times, to ensure if she was real and not just a pigment of my imagination. But eveytime I opened my eyes – she was still there, standing and looking at me with a smile on her lips. She looked breathtakingly beautiful with her glorious ginger red hair and captivating green eyes – her face so amazingly lovely and with a gorgeous body to die for.
                          For God's sake. She was absolutely perfect, stunning, astonishing... there was no word to describe how beautiful she was.
                          I didn't know if I should be happy or mad. I had ambivalent feelings at that moment. My emotions rumbled and tumbled on the ground. I didn't know what I felt anymore. After four years, I finally found her -- and to think that I gave up looking for her years ago.
                          Yes, I admitted, I searched for her in every corner of New York, for more than a year. In all bars in New York, malls, parks, supermarkets, churches, schools, etc. – also in internet social media accounts, but I couldn't find her. I even hired private investigators to search for her, but they didn't succeed. No one knew her in the club, even the girl she was with. She was gone without a trace – like a smoke that suddenly disappeared. I didn't even get her real name. All I knew was that, she was Ginger.
                          And now, she was here in front of me, looking incredibly beautiful and perfect, standing there with a smile on her lips – my dream girl.
                          BUT WAIT ---
                          
                          Where's Jade?
                          I stepped backward and looked around the neighborhood. Still confused and disoriented.
                          Did I get in the right house? Or the right street? But, this is Jade's house. What is she doing in here? Is she related to Jade?
                          
                          The excitement of seeing Ginger again, vanished in an instant. It was like a passing moment that you forgot easily – like seeing a comet, a rainbow or fireworks.
                          Where the hell is Jade? I suddenly became anxious of seeing her.
                          "Are you okay? You look like you've seen a ghost." Ginger asked me, then opened the door widely to let me in.
                          I entered the house and looked at the placement of the furnitures, the television set, the appliances, figurines and frames - it was Jade's house.
                          "Why are you here?"


"What? I live here." She closed the main door and followed me inside.
                          I pulled my eyebrows in an affronted frown. Ginger lives here? With Jade, Sapphire and their mother?
                          
                          Then she smiled showing her beautiful even white teeth. She tossed her hair across her shoulders and placed her hands on her hips.
                          "You didn't recognize me?"
                          My gaze riveted on her face then moved over her body slowly. I suddenly felt the stirring of my loins, desire overwhelmed me – in maximum speed. She's so damn beautiful and sexy.
                          "Of course I do." I focused my attention to her, my eyes raked boldy over her. I couldn't hold on my curiosity any longer, I had to ask her. "Where have you been? You disappeared without a trace."
                          Her eyebrows raised inquiringly. "You told me to take the afternoon off. You even gave me your credit card to buy a new outfit for tonight."
                          "What?" I felt disoriented for a second.
                          Ginger grabbed her handbag on top of the living room center table and took something inside. "Anyway, here's your credit card. Thanks. Don't worry, I didn't buy the whole Chanel store. I just bought this dress and this stiletto heels."
                          Jade!?
                          "I wonder if Mrs. Wilson sent the email to our supplier in Dubai. Did she?"
                          Oh my God. It's Jade! This stunning and astonishing beautiful girl in front of me is actually Jade and not Ginger. But they look so much alike! The shock of discovery hit me full force. I merely stared at her tongue-tied.
                          Then, I closed my eyes to clear my mind. I wondered if I was dreaming or imagining things. This couldn't be happening. Ginger couldn't be Jade, but her face, her hair, her yes, everything... was Gingers.
                          Jade is Ginger and Ginger is Jade. I knew they were one. I couldn't be wrong.
                          This is too much for one night. First, the shock of seeing Ginger. Second, knowing that Ginger and Jade were the same person. Oh great! I almost had a heart attack!
                          My eyes raked boldly at her up and down.
                          Definitely Jade. Oh God, she was breathtakingly lovely. My eyes lingered at her face, her hair and traveled down to her breasts, her waist and her slim legs.
                          Then my eyes went back to her face and her hair. What happened to her hair? Her vintage clothes and her eyeglasses? Where was the simple, conservative, unique girl I knew?
                          "What happened to your black hair? Did you dye it red?" I said with quiet emphasis.
                          "OH, no. I... um, I'm naturally a redhead."
                          I was shocked even more by her revelation. "You mean you're wearing A WIG the whole time?"
                          "No, not the whole time, only when I go out." She said in a choke voice.
                          Damn it! She was wearing a wig! 
                          I suddenly became angry – no... FURIOUS... in RAGE. I felt like she deceived me. For two years that she'd been working with me, she was wearing a wig!
                          Shit! Holy fucking shit!
                          I was trying to control my anger – to calm my nerves. My blood was boiling at 100 degrees celsius. My eyes glared at her with burning, reproachful eyes. How could she lie to me? Ginger could probably do that, but not Jade – my Jade.



                          For God's sake. I'm confused again... but Jade is Ginger. Dammit! She's making me crazy.
                          "Why are you wearing a wig? Why the disguise?" I said in a harsh, raw voice.
                          "Er... um..." She said while backing away from me.
                          "Are you hiding from someone? Are you wanted by the FBI?" My voice, though quiet, had an ominous quality.
                          "Of course not. What are you talking about?"
                          My head was reeling wildly. Ugly scenarious running violently in my head. A group of men running after her -  to rape her... assault her. NO... NO... Maybe she killed someone, or stole money from her employer... no... no... not Jade. I knew her she wouldn't do that. OR maybe some loanshark businessman was running after her?
                          She probably hid her appearance because of fear from someone. If that would be the case, I'd save her from all her fears and troubles. I would help her, protect her and keep her safe.
                          But maybe, she was... oh God, no!
                          "Jade, tell me the truth, were you sick and undergone chemotherapy?" I asked, spacing the words evenly.
                          "Sick? No." She answered in a shrill voice.
                          "Then, EXPLAIN, NOW. There has to be a reason behind that wig. We're not leaving here until you're done explaining." I said and settled on the sofa.
                          "You're so melodramatic. There's nothing wrong with wearing a wig. Men and women are doing that nowadays." She spoke calmly and settled into the armchair.
                          "I agree, but for  aesthetic purposes. But your red hair is very beautiful. I know some women would pay a large amount of money for a bottled hair dye just to achieve your hair color."
                          She heaved a sigh and shook her head.
                          "Why? I couldn't help but think that you wanted to look unattactive to everyone."
                          There was a long silence, then she said. "Yes."
                          "What?"
                          "I covered my red hair in order to be modest and unatrractive to everyone. That's the reason also why I wore conservative clothes and thick-rimmed eyeglasses."
                          "But you're hiding your real beauty -- and this glorious red hair of yours."
                          "My being a redhead turned out a disadvantage on my part. It drew attention from people – especially by men. They noticed me rightaway."
                          "Because you're very beautiful."
                          She played with her fingers, twisting it – a habit of hers when she was anxious. Then she said in a shaky voice. "I'd been bullied in grade school because of my hair. When I was in high school, girls hated me - spreading rumors about me and the other guys. The boys were coming after me, to the point of harrassing me. And when I graduated high school, I decided to wear a wig and conservative clothes. It solved all my worries. Men ignored me and the women befriended me."
                          "That's horrible!" I grated harshly. I couldn't believe that she suffered all these bullying. My temper flared easily. I wished I could meet all the people who bullied her at that time, so I could make them pay, one by one, for what they'd done to her.
                          "Yes, it is. But past is past. I don't hold grudges on them."
                          "But you suffered, Jade."
                          "I did, but not anymore." She gave me a heartmelting smile. "I decided to get out of my shell and show the real me. I couldn't hide anymore, especially now, that we're getting married. I felt like I was deceiving you, other people and myself."


"You did the right thing."
                          "And I was certain, you'll find out about my secret sooner or later anyway."
                          "Yeah I would. I could feel your pain and struggles too. I experienced being bullied too – because I was born rich. Could you imagine that? Kids are bullied not only because they have some physical or mental defects and very low status in life. But also because of what you have, like beauty, brain, talent and wealth."
                          "I suffered verbal abuse, taunts and gossip-spreading by some girls in school. They just wouldn't stop."
                          "They were just envious and insecure of your beauty. You're very beautiful no matter what color your hair is – black or red. Your beauty lies deep within you."
                          "Thank you." She smiled again, and my heart melted. "I hope you're satisfied with my explanation."
                          "Well, I guess I am." For the time being. I wanted to add.
                          I wanted to remind her that we'd already met before, in a secluded bar in New York, four years ago. I was certain that that was her – Ginger. Unless she had a twin. No... Jade didn't mention having a twin. I wondered why she didn't recognize me?
                          "Then I guess, we're done with this conversation and leave now?" Jade gave me a satisfied grin.
                          "Yeah. No more skeletons in your closet?" I teased her. "Maybe there's something more that you're not telling me. You've better tell me now. I would find out soon anyway."
                          "No more. Stop being suspicious, Inspector."
                          "Well, I should get used seeing you with red hair."
                          "Yes, you should. I decided to show the real me from now on."
                          "Good, cause I won't allow you to hide that gorgeous hair of yours, anymore." Then I asked her, the question that lingered in my mind. "Have we met before Jade?"
                          She looked so surprise. Then she bent her head and studied her hands. "No. I don't think so, why?"
                          "You look exactly the girl I've met before. She had ginger red hair and green eyes like yours."
                          "What's her name?"
                          "Ginger."
                          "OH." She answered, turning her face away from me. "Most redheads are called Ginger. We were five redheads in our high school graduating class and all of us were called Ginger."
                          "Yeah, you're right." I conceded.
                          "I think we should go now, Mr. Petrakis. We will be late." Jade stood up and took her handbag on the center table.
                          "Yeah, and stop calling me Mr. Petrakis. You're my fiancee now." I stood up also, getting ready to go.
                          "Sorry, I forgot." She smiled and inclined her head.
                          "You should practice saying my name, so you will get used to it."
                          "Okay. Eros... Eros... Eros... Eros... Eros..."
                          I grinned and stared at her. My gaze dropped from her eyes to her shoulders then to her breasts. She was so beautiful – desirable, standing there. I'd been fighting my overwhelming need to be close to her. And now, I couldn't hold it anymore.
                          I stepped forward to be near her, but she was quick in backing away. She must have known what I was thinking.
                          "Come here, Jade."
                          "Why?"
                          "I have something to tell you."
                          "Then say it now, I can hear you from here." She said, backing further away from me."
                          "We're wasting time, come here."
                          "No. I will not." She said defiantly. Her eyes roamed around the room, obviously looking for an escape.
                          "What is wrong with you. I'm not gonna eat you." I was so amused by her reaction. "I have something for you."
                          "What?" She was still very hesitant to come near me.
                          I put my hand inside my pants pocket and pulled out the small velvet red box.
                          "Here." I opened the box and showed her the ring - an 18 carat-diamond set in platinum engagement ring glimmered.
                          "OH."  The heavy lashes that shadowed her cheeks flew up. Her mouth dropped open.
                          I went closer to her and took her left hand. "Should I propose to you on bended knee?"
                          "NO. This is a fake marriage, it's not necessary to do all that drama." She looked up at me and that gave me the opportunity to study her face upclose.
                          "If that's what you want. But at least, let me slip the ring through your finger." I held her trembling hand tightly. I didn't give her a chance to say no.
                          I slipped the ring through her finger and I was glad that it fitted well. Then I lifted her hand to my lips and planted a kiss to her ring finger.
                          "Will you marry me Jade? I swear, you will not regret it."
                          "Eros, we agreed on this matter already, I'm not backing out on our contract."
                          Dammit. Does she have to spoil everything? Why can't she just answer YES?
                          Then suddenly, I pulled her in the circle of my arms – trapping her. I felt her instantly jerked away.
                          "What are you doing?"
                          "Shhh... relax. You should get used being in my arms, Jade. We should act like a real engaged couple." I tightened my hold on her and drawing her closer at the same time. Feeling her soft body against mine made me shiver with excitement.
                          "So, what is this, practice, huh?"
                          "Yes. You are really a smart girl." I grinned at her.
                          "Let me go, Eros, please."
                          "I will, after Lesson number one."
                          "Lesson number one? What is that?"
                          "We should hug like this." I pulled her tightly in my arms and encouraged her to hug me back.
                          "Good girl." I said when I felt her arms around my waist. "See, it's easy, like ABC. Next..."
                          "Wait, you said you will let me go after lesson number one." She complained.
                          "This is still under lesson number one, okay? Relax..."
                          I felt her relaxed and so I continued giving her my lessons. "You should touch me like this." I ran my hands from her hair, to her back, skimming her waist. "To be realistic. People expected us to be lovers."
                          "Oh, okay." She said and followed my actions. She ran her hands from my stomach to my chest up and down – giving me goosebumps and awaken my sleeping testosterone. My whole body suddenly fired up.
                          I couldn't stand it anymore, I was burning with desire and I wanted her so badly, NOW. I held her face and kissed her cheek, her eyes, her nose, and then... she stopped me.
                          "Wait. Is this part of lesson number one too?"
                          "Yeah." I angled my lips to meet hers, but she pushed me when my lips was just a mere inch away from hers.
                          "I don't think this lessons of yours is a good idea."
                          "Why not?"
                          "We're just pretending, okay. It would complicate things between us."
                          "Why? Are you afraid you'll fall in love with me?" I teased her.
                          "Me? Afraid? Never."
                          "Then what's the problem. Come on, let's continue with the lessons. We need to practice first."
                          "Sorry teacher, forget the other lessons, I found the subject so boring." She tossed her hair and headed to the door.
                          Dammit! I didn't have a choice but to follow her.
                          --Don't forget to Vote and Share this story to your friends --
                          

Chapter Thirty Four

Chapter Thirty Four (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                           "You came like a thief in the night and stole my fragile heart, I wasn't prepared, you caught me off guard. I had fallen for you dearly, it wasn't done intentionally.. it just happened so fast. I love you now 'till forever lasts. --- The Thief by _MaskedPoet_ wattpad username: @her_alibi
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          "Where's Jade?" I heard Mrs. Nina Petrakis whispered to her son the moment we entered the Petrakis' mansion.
                          "She's in front of you, mom." Eros laughed.
                          "Jade? You mean... Jade?! Is that really you? You look so lovely!" She instantly embraced me and kissed my cheeks. "I'm so sorry dear, I didn't recognize you."
                          Immediately, I was surrounded with the Petrakis family, who were so shocked of my transformation. Their eyes were scrutinizing my physical features one by one – assessing me up and down. Some had to blink several times to sink in in their minds that I was really Jade.
                          My face felt so hot and I squirmed with embarrassment. Oh, I wished there was a hole that I could just crawl into and hide.
                          "What happened to your black hair?" Eros cousin, Cassandra asked. "Did you dye your hair?"
                          "No... umm... er..."
                          "It's her natural hair, Cass. She wore a black wig before, for a reason. Don't ask any more questions about that, okay?" Eros said curtly and that made everyone refrained from asking too much questions about my transformation. I was glad that he was beside me. He rescued me from awkward questions and guarded me like a hawk.
                          "I knew you're a real beauty, Jade, you just don't want to flaunt it." Eros grandma, Mrs. Karina Anderson said.
                          "Thank you, Mrs. Anderson."
                          "You're gorgeous, no wonder Eros wanted you with him all the time. He knew all along that you're a true beauty. Oh man... he has all the luck." Paul muttered.
                          "Now I understand why he's so possesive of you, even with your coffee." Mr. Markos Petrakis chuckled and looked at my hand clasped between Eros hands.
                          "See, Nina? I was right. There's something going on between them." Mrs. Anderson shrilled with excitement.
                          "Yeah, it seems like they can't hide their feelings anymore." Mrs. Petrakis replied.
                          "You can't hide your feelings for too long if you're in love." Claudia, Mrs. Petrakis' sister butted in. "Right hon?" She continued, looking at her husband, Raymund.
                          "Yes, indeed. You want to shout it to the whole world." Raymund agreed.
                          I was blushing and Eros was looking at me intently, a smile playing around his mouth. I had a feeling that he was enjoying the state that we were in at that moment.
                          "This is so awkward." I whispered to him. Then he pulled me away from the others – to the balcony.
                          "Just relax." He ducked down his head so closely that I could feel the heat of his body and inhaled his pure male scent deeply. My mind reeled – that made all analysis and logic flew away, and darn.. my traitorous body shivered, like a feverish chill. I backed a step away, my heart was beating so fast. Everything about him made me trembled.
                          "I can't. My legs are trembling." I was shocked of my own honesty. I bit my lower lip to stop myself from talking.
                          "Yes, you can." Then his hand touched my bare back. I couldn't help but jerked from his touch. He noticed and grinned at me. "I told you. We should practice more often, so you will get used with me touching and - kissing you."


I glared at him – but his eyes were smiling at me. He looked so amused.
                          "Don't look at me like that."
                          "Like what?"
                          "That look... You look so desirable when your eyes are flashing like that."
                          Desirable? My heart hammered foolishly in an instant. Stay calm Jade. Focus. I said to myself.
                          I cleared my throat and inhaled deeply. "I'm mad. Can't you tell?"
                          He laughed - deep, warm and rich. "AH! You're mad. I thought you're giving me a 'come and kiss me' look."
                          "What? Excuse me?"
                          "You know what, you remind me of my cat when I was in grade school. She had the same eye color as yours."
                          "Well, I hope she scratched you."
                          His expression suddenly changed.  His brows were drawn together in a frown and his silvery grey eyes lost their teasing smile.
                          "She did and I hope you won't scratch me too, if I do this." His hand slid up from the curve of my throat to my chin. His other hand pulled me and clamped my body tightly to his. I stiffened and gasped at the sudden contact. I tried to move away but it was impossible, he was so strong.
                          "Stop fighting, they're watching us."
                          I looked at the people inside the glass door of the balcony, but they appeared busy talking and drinking cocktails. They didn't seem to notice us.
                          "Let me go." I demanded, flashing my eyes with anger.
                          "I will after lesson number two." A devilish look came into his eyes.
                          "I told you I'm done with your lessons..." My last words were smothered on my lips when he dipped his head and claimed my lips.
                          I was stunned and my heartbeat skyrocketed at the touch of his lips. So warm, moist and sweet... like a drug. His smell, his taste, his touch combined made me forget where I was... and I was afraid that I would also forget my name. 
                          The kiss was so different from the punishing kiss he gave me before. This kiss sent the pit of my stomach into a wild swirl. The caress of his lips on my mouth set my whole body aflame.
                          Slowly, I responded to him, opening my lips to allow his tongue to explore the recesses of my mouth – his kiss was surprisingly gentle, slow and drugging.
                          "Strawberry." His lips brushed against mine as he spoke.
                          "What?" My head was spinning wildly, like I'd just been in a rollercoaster ride. What did he say? I opened my eyes and found him gazing at me.
                          "Your lips taste like strawberries."
                          "OH. It's... it's the lip gloss."
                          I realized that my hands were clinging to his neck. I tried to straightened up but my knees buckled.
                          Oh God, if he ever let me go now, I would fall down on the floor. 
                          Slowly I regained my composure, then removed my hands from his neck. I back away from him.
                          Why did I respond to his kisses? Now I'm in deep trouble. I'm falling so hard for him... everyday my feelings for him intensified.
                          "You're really enjoying yourself with this pretense, Mr. Petrakis. Well, I'M NOT."
                          "So we're back to Mr. Petrakis now? May I remind you Miss Collins that you agreed into this. It's too late to back out now."
                          "No. I'm not backing out." I said to him. I couldn't back out, I needed the money for our family.


"So what's your problem? Acting like a real couple is part of the plan. We are supposed to be engaged, you have my ring on your finger."
                           I looked at the diamond ring on my finger, which I tried to hide since I got inside the Petrakis house, so no one would notice it. The diamond was so huge and very beautiful... and I was sure, so very expensive. I was embarrassed wearing it because ours was a fake engagement – the ring was like an ornament and not a symbol of love – eternal love.
                          "Everything is so overwhelming. I just need a little time to get used to it."
                          "Sorry sweetheart, but we don't have enough time." He smiled sarcastically. 
                          I heaved a frustrated sigh. My shoulders slumped. I so hated the situation I was in. How I really wished that everything was real... the engagement... the wedding... the love and romance... the happily ever after. But my groom was not a prince charming material. He was not a believer of love, fairytales and happily ever after. He didn't have a romantic bone in his body. He was like a machine, a robot... or an alien from another planet... no, probably not an alien, alien could fall in love too.
                          "Jade, marrying me won't be too bad, I promise you. I'm not an ogre."
                          Yes you are. A devilishly handsome ogre, that any woman would find hard to resist.
                          
                          "I know... and I'm not really afraid of you."
                          "Well, that's a relief. I promise, we'll take everything so slow. Your pace. Okay?"
                          "Okay."
                          "Eros, they're here." I heard Paul said behind me.
                          Eros nodded and dismissed Paul rightaway.
                          "Come, let's go inside. I have a surprise for you."
                          He led me inside, back in the living room and had me sitted on the sofa. He called everyone and they gathered all around me.
                          "Close your eyes, Jade." Paul almost shouted and laughed. Then everyone joined him - laughing.
                          "Why?" I asked Eros.
                          "It's a surprise. Come on, close your eyes." He settled on the sofa beside me and held my hand. I was electrified with his touch once again. I realized that Eros was right. I should get used with his touch to stop me from acting like a hormonal teenager everytime our skin touches.
                          I closed my eyes. Then I heard him said. "Count up to ten, then you can open your eyes."
                          I counted obediently and so did the others. "Ten, Nine... Five.... Two, One." 
                          I heard a commotion and girls hushing. Then, I opened my eyes. I was so surprise to see my mom and Sapphire in front of me.
                          "M...mom? Saph?" I immediately stood up and hugged them both. Everyone was awed with our reactions, some clapped and others just observed us happily.
                          "You look so beautiful, Jade. I'm so happy that you finally came out of your shell."
                          "Thanks mom. I thought you went to your Bible study?"
                          "I did, but I left early."
                          I looked at my mom's outfit. She wore the beige satin dress I bought her last Christmas and my two-inch silver shoes - I wore at Chloe's wedding. She was even wearing a light makeup. She looked very simple and beautiful. I was glad that she made an effort to dress up for this evening.
                          "Eros called this morning to invite us for dinner. Donovan fetched us."
                          I looked at Eros who was smiling at me. I mouthed 'thank you' to him. Then my attention was focused at Sapphire, who looked so pretty in her pink cosplay dress – minus the wig and other accessories. She looked like a princess.
                          I moved out from my mom's embrace when I felt Eros hand on my back. 
                          "Jade." He said.
                          I didn't know what happened, or who initiated first, but I was suddenly in his arms. The women giggled looking at us and their eyes were full of excitement.
                          "Thank you for the surprise." I whispered in his ear.
                          Eros ducked his head and planted a soft kiss on my temple. "Anyting for you. It's time to make our annoucement." He said softly. 
                          I glanced at everyone in the room, eyeing us curiously – they looked so happy and enthusiastic for us. Eros and I wanted them to believe that we have a relationship, an affair – and it seemed like we succeeded. 
                          Mom and Sapphire were even smiling at us – their eyes were full of joy. I knew that they were surprise seeing me in Eros' arms. It was the first time that they saw me getting so intimate with a man. They obviously assumed now that I have a serious relationship with Eros.
                          Eros cleared his throat and everyone focused their attention to him. 
                          "Good evening everyone. Tonight is a very special occasion for me and Jade. I invited you all because we have an announcement to make." He smiled and took my left hand with the glimmering diamond engagement ring on it. He raised my hand to his lips and kissed my fingers with his gazed fixed into my eyes. "We're engaged."
                          "Whoah!"
                          "What did he say?"
                          "Really?"
                          "Wow! Just wow!"
                          "OH! I'm happy for you both."
                          "Congratulations!"
                          I heard different reactions from everyone. But all were positive and happy. 
                          Then one by one, they hugged me and Eros, congratulated us for our upcoming wedding. I let them see my engagement ring. They were so awed with the beauty of the glimmering diamond.
                          Mom and Sapphire were the last ones who congratulated us.
                          "So this is why we're here. To celebrate your engagement."
                          "Yes mom. I hope your heart managed the surprised."
                          "Of course, my heart is not that fragile anymore."
                          "Thanks God."
                          "I just wish that your dad is here to see you so happy."
                          "He's here mom. He's here." I assured my mom, trying not to shed a tear.
                          My mom nodded. I knew she was holding back her tears too.
                          "You're so secretive Dee. How long have you been having an affair with Eros?" Saph asked me.
                          "Not too long."
                          "You must love him so much cause you decided to show the real you." She giggled happily- her cheeks turned red.
                          "Yeah, I guess so."
                          "I'm happy for you Dee. I wonder what it feels to be in love. I wish I'll meet my prince charming very soon. I want to know how it feels to be really in love." Sapphire hugged me. 
                          "You will someday. You're still young only seventeen."
                          "I'll be eighteen in a few months." She giggled again. "Awweeee... I thought you could never move on after Joseph. I'm so glad you did."
                          "Shh... don't mention his name. Not here." I whispered.
                          "Sorry Dee." She said, then whispered. "Who's that guy in blue button-down shirt?
                          "That's Kobe Lastis, Eros' cousin. Why?"
                          "I caught him staring at me."
                          "Oh... Behave Saph."**Don't forget to Vote and Share to your friends**

Chapter Thirty Five

Chapter Thirty Five (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                           "Life isn't a fairytale but we can make it like a fairytale" ― Lucy 'Aisy
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          The date for the wedding was set already. It would be in a month's time. But still I was so bothered -  CONFUSED.
                          I couldn't be wrong. Jade and Ginger were one. But how come she didn't remember me? Did she suffer from amnesia or post-concussion syndrome? Or did she have a twin?
                          That's Impossible! My mind won't rest until I'll find out the truth – and it has to be now. Let's see...
                          
                          I found Jade in the patio sitting on a couch and talking to my cousin Cassandra, who was in an armchair opposite her. I immediately went towards them.
                          "Are you ready to go home, Ginger?" 
                          Jade's face immediately turned to me. Her eyes glared at me icily. "Ah... sure after a minute."
                          "Awwweeee, so cute, you call her Ginger." Cassandra said. "I used to call my first boyfriend dreamboat and he called me sugar lips... so funny cause my second bf called me puppy... I hated it so I broke up with him after a month... my third bf called me ducky, eew! I couldn't stand it... then my..."
                          I sat beside Jade and planted a quick open-mouth kiss on her lips – nipping her lower lip. She didn't protest but her eyes clawed at me like a talon.
                          Jade turned to Cassandra again to listen. I drew her closer and put my right arm around her slim waist. I reached for her hand and laced her fingers with my own. 
                          They were talking about celebrities, fashion and books. And I was there, so engrossed of Jade. She was extremely beautiful and desirable, and I enjoyed just staring at her. Everything about her fascinated me.
                          I touched her bare back, running my fingers slowly to her soft, smooth and flawless skin – up and down. It felt like silk on my fingers. She made a slight protest sound but eventually she relaxed. I pulled her closer and buried my face on her neck, inhaling her sweet delicious scent. I couldn't stand it anymore, so I stole a kiss behind her earlobe – once, twice... the third time, I couldn't control myself, I had to taste her... I ran my tongue to the sensitive area behind her ear, and I was right, she tasted so heavenly.
                          Ouch! I groaned with pain.Jade's elbowed the side of my stomach so hard. "Oh Cass! I think my lovey-dovey here is so sleepy already." She faced me and pinched my cheeks with pressure. "Right sweetheart?" 
                          "Right, whatever you say, Ginger." I rubbed my cheek. I felt like a naughty boy, scolded for tasting an icing of a cake.
                          "We really have to go now." Jade finished her flute of champagne and stood up abruptly.
                          We were inside my car when Jade said sharply at me. "Don't you ever call me Ginger again."
                          "Why not? You have a beautiful ginger-red hair. The endearment suits you." I said, reaching a hand for her hair to touch its silkiness.
                          She moved out of my reach and said. "Just don't... don't ever call me that. I don't like it."
                          "Why?"
                          "I said I don't like it."
                          "Jade, there has to be explanation why you don't like to be called Ginger."


"Do I have to explain everything to you?"
                          "No, but I'm just curious. Maybe it reminds you of someone calling you Ginger... probably a man you met in a bar?"
                          "A bar? Excuse me Mr. Petrakis, I don't have a habit of going to a bar."
                          I shook my head couldn't believe what I'd heard. So she's not Ginger?
                          I didn't want to pursue the conversation anymore. I knew she was so upset now. Calling me Mr. Petrakis when she was upset became a habit of hers. 
                          "Ok fine. If that's what you want – I won't call you ginger."
                          "That's what I want." She answered firmly then bent down and twisted her fingers. "I... I'm sorry I lost my temper."
                          "It's that red hair of yours. I wonder how you managed to control yourself as my personal assistant for the past two years. There must be times that you wanted to throw something at me."
                          "Of course not. Not all redheads are hot tempered. I'm just more sensitive to your moods now than before."
                          "You're more sensitive to my moods now... hmm... I should keep that statement in mind." I smiled and gave her a sideway glance. "My side still hurts. You really have sharp elbows."
                          "Oh, I won't say sorry for that, Mr. Petrakis. You deserved it."
                          I laughed aloud and said. "Oh God, have mercy. I thought I'll be marrying a meek little wife."
                          "A meek little wife will bore you to death. You need someone to bring you down to earth from time to time."
                          "Oh my goodness, I'm learning some things about myself. I'm surprised! Being married to you is  going to be like a rollercoaster ride."
                          **The following morning**
                          I fetched Jade in their house. I was glad that she was not wearing a wig anymore. Her ginger-red hair cascaded down to her waist in layers beautifully. The big waves gave body to her silky long hair. 
                          But, her big black rimmed eyeglasses were back and her old fashioned clothes and shoes. Actually I didn't mind her wearing what she felt comfortable with, but we couldn't deny the fact that as human beings, we were all affected by what others think and do. It was fine if I was criticized or humiliated, I was used to it - but Jade? No way. I wouldn't allow anyone... as in anyone to embarrass, laugh or hurt her.
                          We were inside my office, in a round table. Jade was signing our marriage bargain agreement. She read the five pages contract so fast – then signed all the three copies. I wondered if she actually read all the conditions stipulated in the contract.
                          "I'll open a bank account for you tomorrow, so you will get your allowance every first week of the month."
                          "Thanks." She glanced at me then looked at the contract again, continued signing it.
                          "I'm not expecting you to work anymore. Just concentrate on your online studies – and accompany me in parties, events and my travels.  Mrs. Wilson will take your place here in the office. Anyway, our administrative officer will help her settle things, I know they could handle it well."
                          "I could help them once in a while if you like." She suggested. "I'll probably get bored in the house after getting used doing a lot of things in the office."
                          "No way, Jade, I  won't allow that. You will be my wife. You're duty is to take care of my home." And my needs. I wanted to add but didn't want to scare the hell out of her.
                          "Oh."
                          "I already contact a newspaper publishing company. They will announce our engagement tomorrow."


"Is that really necessary?" She put the signed contract in an envelope.
                          "Of course. We will let everyone think that our engagement is real. This Saturday, we will invite all my friends, family, relatives and collegues. You invite yours too. It will be a grand celebration of our engagement party."
                          "I don't think that's appropriate since this is a fake marriage."
                          "Jade, everyone is expecting it from me – us. You have to get used to it."
                          "I don't think I'll get used to it easily. You've been my boss for two years and it's not easy to start thinking of you as my husband. I feel like I'm dreaming – marrying a man of the world."
                          I exhaled heavily. "What are you talking about? I'm a very ordinary, normal guy."
                          She stared at me, her expression so thoughtful. She rubbed her lips with her thumb and said. "Normal, yes, but not ordinary."
                          I stood up and went towards her.  I grabbed her hands and pulled her up. "I'll prove to you that I am."
                          She nodded and smiled at me.
                          "Come on, let's go."
                          "Where?" She replied.
                          "I'm going to take you shopping."
                          "Shopping?"
                          "Yes. Clothes, shoes, bags, gowns, lingeries, jewelries, whatever you like, sky's the limit."
                          Jade looked so surprised. She twisted her fingers again and bit her lips. "You're going to clothe me... like a doll?"
                          "Not a doll but a very special woman - my soon to be wife. Any objection with that?"
                          "Um... er.. no."
                          "So? Let's go."
                          We went to Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. We had lunch then went to different stores: Chanel, Armani, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Versace, etc. 
                          I enjoyed seeing Jade trying on different kinds of clothes - in different colors and textures. She looked extremely beautiful and desirable in sexy cocktail dresses, gowns and skintight clothes. Even in casual clothes, like jeans, skirts, shorts, shirts and blouses - she looked astonishing. She also tried different shoes and stilettos that emphasized her sexy slim legs and thighs.
                          I was sweating with desire, watching her in those sexy clothes. She was swaying her hips, turning left and right, flaunting her figures and flinging her arms in front of me asking for approval if the dress suited her or not. She was obviously enjoying herself and - I was enjoying it more.  She was strikingly lovely and my body reacted so strongly to her. Different images of her naked on my bed, in my bath tub, in the kitchen, dining table and in the living room sofa crossed my mind. 
                          Damn it. What is wrong with me?
                          **Engagement Party – Grand Ballroom of St. Regis New York**
                          
                          Jade looked so beautiful in her pink floor length off-shouldered evening gown. It fitted nicely on her body, emphasizing her uptilted breasts and curved hips. A strap around her waist defined its smallness. 
                          The upper half of her red hair was pulled up and tendrils in soft curls flowed down on her waist – looking smooth and shiny like silk.
                          I fetched Jade in their house. I was so awed the moment I saw her that my steps faltered at the carpeted floor. She was breathtakingly lovely and there was no word that I could describe how beautiful she was. I was tongue-tied. She looked like a princess – a fairy – an angel. 
                          "Do you like my dress, Eros?"
                          "Yes! You look so beautiful, Jade." I greeted her with a soft kiss. "I have something for you."
                          "What is it?"
                          I showed her a black velvet box and opened it for her. Her eyes immediately lit up seeing the emerald necklace.
                          "It's beautiful and looks very expensive."
                          I smiled and put the emerald necklace around her neck. She looked more beautiful with the in it.
                          "It matches your green eyes."
                          "Yeah, it is. Thank you." She whispered. 
                          In the party, Stella Valiente was among the first guests who arrived, together with her parents and brothers. I greeted her.
                          "Hello, Stella. It's good to see you again."
                          "Where's your secretary?" Stella said sharply.
                          "I don't have any idea. But I'm sure I've invited Mrs. Wilson, she's here somewhere."
                          "Hmp. I thought you're going to marry me. You made me believe that you will and all along, you have an affair with your secretary. My family was even expecting it. I've waited for years Eros, years! This is a big humiliation on my part. I won't ever forgive you for this"
                          "Well, thank you Stella, nicely said. Have you taken your medicine? Or you're just so hungry. Anyway, enjoy the food and drinks." I turned to the other visitors and shook their hands, ignoring Stella who was glaring at me.
                          Later that evening, Kendra Packer arrived. She was with her new boyfriend, a good friend of mine, former UFC champion Chuck Harris, who was twice my age.
                          "Your fiancee looks so innocent, like a virgin. I wonder if she satisfies you in bed. Kendra laughed so hard.
                          Bitch! Why did she often ended up with my friends?
                          "Definitely, that's why I'm marrying her."
                          Kendra's face looked hurt, then managed to smile. "Goodluck." She immediately spun around and went back to her boyfriend.
                          I introduced Jade to everyone, my family, friends, former classmates, colleagues, etc. She looked so happy, smiling to everyone. I met her aunt Annie, a nun, and her grandma too.
                          Before the night ends, Jade and I danced alone in the grand ballroom. Our bodies were swaying gracefully in rhyme with the music. I swirled, dipped, swung her on the dance floor. I was enjoying her closeness... the feel of her in my arms felt so good. Our eyes locked and our breathing in unison as we danced. I felt blood coursing through my veins like an awakened river. 
                          ♪♬You're in my arms, and all the world is calm The music playing on for only two So close together and when I'm with you So close to feeling alive ♪♯♫
                          ♫A life goes by, romantic dreams will stop So I bid mine goodbye and never knew So close was waiting, waiting here with you And now forever I know, all that I wanted to hold you so close♪♫
                          ♪♫So close to reaching that famous happy end Almost believing this was not pretend Now youre beside me, and look how far weve come So far we are so close ♪♬♫
                          ♫Oh, how could I face the faceless days If I should lose you now? ♪♬
                          ♬Were so close to reaching that famous happy end And almost believing this was not pretend Lets go on dreaming for we know we are So close, so close and still so far♬♪
                          Finally, the music ended. Just in time, I swung her in the circle of my arms - and my mouth covered hers hungrily.
                          
                          Everyone in the room was looking at us with excitement. They clapped and cheered for us.
                          
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE and SHARE TO YOUR FRIENDS.***

Chapter Thirty Six

Chapter Thirty Six (Unedited) 
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          "If you love two people at the same time, choose the second. Because if you really loved the first one, you wouldn't have fallen in love with the second." - Johnny Depp, actor.
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          "Ooopss!" I exclaimed when I bumped at someone and felt the cold liquid that ran from my chest down to my thighs. I looked at my gown and suddenly gasped with horror as I saw the marked of red wine on it.
                          "Your fault. You were the one who bumped at me." I heard a feminine voice, followed by a soft shrill of laughter.
                          I looked up and saw Kendra Packer, smiling at me - a smile that didn't even reach her eyes.
                          "I'm sorry. I didn't see you." I apologized gently and looked at the stain on my gown again. I felt so dismayed because it was a very expensive signature gown. What if the stain won't be removed?
                          "You deserved much more than that. You, bitch. Pretending to be a nerd and all along you planned on seducing Eros. HA! Nice trick." Kendra said in a gentle melodious way and with a sarcastic smile plastered on her face. "You may feel like Cinderella with your not so impressive transformation - and marrying a young billionaire, but you are still the same, a boring ugly little mouse, no matter what expensive labels you wear." She looked at me from head to toe, as if assessing my value. "You think you hit the jackpot in marrying Eros, but he'll be so bored with you and come back to me."
                          I decided to stay silent and ignore her. Girls like Kendra Packer loved to hate and wouldn't stop inflicting pain till she had enough.
                          "Thank you for your words of advice. Good night." I smiled at her then left.
                          I looked around for Eros, but he was at the far end of the room, looking so tall and devilishly handsome in black tuxedo. He was talking to Stella Valiente and her hand was on his arm. They held each others eyes and were smiling. Then Eros covered Stella's hand. Gosh!  I felt a sudden tinge of jealousy but decided to ignore it.
                          I don't have a right to be jealous. Our engagement is not real. I don't own his heart. He may feel something for me – something special, but it's not love. He made it clear that he doesn't believe in love and romance, so I should not expect it from him or I'll get hurt. I don't want to get hurt again - and rejected, just like Joseph did. Joseph... yes... this morning was his wedding day. He's already married right now... and probably started his honeymoon with his new wife.
                          I was on my way to the ladies room when I met Chloe, Eros sister. She just arrived this afternoon from her honeymoon with her new husband, Iñigo Monteiro, to attend our engagement party. She looked so vibrant and glowing in her red floor-length halter gown.
                          "What happened to your dress?"
                          "I bumped at Eros' ex, Kendra Packer."
                          "Hmm... she intentionally spilled the wine on your dress. She's jealous that you're marrying Eros."
                          "I guess I have to get used of many women hating me for marrying your brother."
                          Chloe laughed and nodded her head. "Right. Anyway, Iñigo and I have a room upstairs. Come,  I brought an extra gown for tonight, it's new. You can change into it. Consider it as my engagement gift to you."
                          I went with Chloe to her room. The gown she gave me turned out to be a very elegant strapless mermaid gown in beige color. The bodice had gems, stones and sequins on it. It fitted so nicely, showing my cleavage and emphasizing the curves of my body. It made me looked so stunning, sexy and yet, regal.
                          Chloe twisted my hair in a bun that showed the delicate lines of my neck and the emerald necklace that Eros gave me. She retouched my makeup. Added darker eyeshadows and mascara to my eyes to make it more dramatic. She changed my lipstick from red to light peach color.
                          "There. You look so pretty. I'm sure Eros will flip over when he sees you." Chloe said with excitement on her face.
                          I felt so excited also, anticipating Eros' reaction when he'd see me in this gorgeous gown. I wished Chloe was right – that he would flip over. The thought made me smile and giggle a bit. I didn't know why, but recently, I wanted to please him... and I wanted to be beautiful in his eyes.
                          Chloe and I went back to the grand ballroom after twenty minutes. I was so excited to see Eros reaction. But, I was the one who got the surprise. He was in the dance floor with Stella. They were in each other's arms, dancing to sweet music - their bodies swayed together. They were smiling and talking.
                          I went outside to the balcony, wanted to be alone. I felt sad and jealous seeing Eros with Stella. They looked so good together... suited for each other. Both were beautiful, highly educated, mingled with the same people and equally rich. Chloe also mentioned that Eros considered marrying Stella before and their parents really vied for it.
                          I inhaled deeply to loosen my nerves. I was angry of him too, of myself and the situation we were in. Pretending to be in love... to be happy... that oftentimes, I forgot... and stopped pretending anymore.  
                          I wondered how it would be like being married to Eros – with this marriage deal. Maybe he would still continue dating girls and having mistresses. Yes, he would continue enjoying his bachelor life, since we had an agreement that we wouldn't be sharing a room and a bed -  and there wouldn't be any physical contact between us. No woman to warm his for a year... I was sure, he couldn't live with that. He was a hot-blooded male.
                          If only our marriage is real... if only he loves me like I do.
                          Everything was just business for Eros - I remembered him introduced me to Mr. Klein Bergmann, the Chief of Finance of German Marine International Shipping Company a while ago.
                          "You have a very beautiful wife, Mr. Petrakis. No wonder you're in a hurry to marry her." Mr. Bergmann laughed.
                          "Thank you Mr. Bergmann. I hope you'll be in our wedding." Eros pulled me closer to his side and put a possessive hand around my waist.
                          "I'll be there and I will bring our contract."
                          "Good. I'm looking forward to sign it." Eros replied.
                          I heaved a sigh and just smiled at them. 
                          Eros suddenly looked so excited, then glanced at me with a gleam in his eyes. He always had that look whenever he closed a business deal. Yeah, he would do anything just to get hold a major deal. It was his obsession, his cravings – his greed.
                          "Jade!"
                          Sapphire's voice made my scattered brain cells came together, bringing me back to the present. I shivered from the cold air then turned to her. Sapphire looked so pretty in her aquamarine gown with her long brown hair styled like Elsa of frozen.
                          "Look who's here?" Saph said.
                          I grinned at my sister who was standing at the doorway of the balcony. Her eyes opened so wide with excitement.
                          "Who?"
                          My jaw dropped open the moment I saw him stepped in the balcony. I blinked several times to check if I was not hallucinating. It was real, he was there standing in front of me.
                          Tall, rawboned, beardless with an ingenously appealing face. He looked very different now -  touch, lean and sinewy. His thick and straight blond hair gleamed in the lights. He was gorgeous, strikingly attractive with dark eyes and a secret expression.
                          What is he doing in here? This morning was his wedding. 
                          
                          His appreciative eyes traveled from my head to toe, then his eyes caught and held mine. His firm mouth curled in a smile. "Ginger."
                          I gasped and said. "Joseph."
                          
                          ***Kindly Vote and Share to your friends.***

Chapter Thirty Seven

Chapter Thirty Seven (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly add your playlist here---
                          
                          "Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt in your soul every time a kiss is shared, a whisper is spoken, a touch is felt, then your not really in love at all." - C. J. Franks
                          
                          
                          Jades' POV
                          
                          "I'll leave you two, now. I promised Kobe a dance." Sapphire said before she left us.
                          Joseph and I just continued staring at each other. I couldn't tear my gaze away from him. His compelling eyes riveted me to the spot. He was watching me intently.
                          He was still the same after four years, a very handsome man with sunny hair and dreamy, tender eyes. The man I admired and hero-worshipped. But now, he looked more confident, wiser and very respectable.
                          He extended his hand towards me and I impulsively laid my hand on his. Then in an instant, he pulled me in the circle of his arms.
                          I was breathless – like I was a girl of eighteen again.
                          "I miss you." Joseph said in a deep-timbered voice. He bent down his head and kissed my cheek.
                          "I... I miss you too."
                          He gave me a satisfied grin then hugged me tightly. My arms went around his waist and my face was pressed on his chest. We held each other like that for a few minutes.
                          I started to get emotional but I was trying so hard to be strong and held back my tears. The tears of mixed emotions – tears of joy in seeing him again, tears of the miserable years I bore of losing him as my first love and tears of anger for his sudden disappearance in my life.
                          He loosen his embrace and drew me to the far end of the balcony.
                          "I was right. You would turn out to be a knocked-out when you grow up."
                          I knew I was blushing. My face suddenly felt like being heated in a microwave. Slowly, I moved out of his embrace and leaned on the balcony railings.
                          "You look absolutely beautiful, Ginger. I have never seen anyone as beautiful as you." He studied my face with his enigmatic gaze for an extra beat, then his eyes cast downward to my lips -- his expession suddenly became gloomy. "You're getting married." His tone was more like an accuse rather than a statement.
                          "Yes." I said in a soft whisper. My fingertips played with my engagement ring, rubbing the shimmering diamond. "And you just did... this morning."
                          A muscle quivered at his jaw. His expression was sullen. "I didn't."
                          "You didn't?" My body stiffened in shock. My goodness, he didn't get married. I felt like my heart was about to burst with.... Joy? Sadness? Bitterness? I didn't know. Am I hoping for another chance with him?
                          "I broke up with her a few days ago. I can't go through with the wedding."
                          "Why did you do that?"
                          "Because all along, I was deceiving Rosie – and myself." He growled like a wounded animal.
                          "What do you mean? I don't understand."
                          "You won't understand if I'll tell you now, Ginger." He replied sharply.


I nodded feeling hurt – he was shutting me out again, like he always did four years ago. He didn't trust me with his secrets. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be too nosy. I just want to help."
                          "No, don't feel bad. I'm not angry with you. I'm furious with myself... for not being honest with what I truly feel." He moved in front of me and looked at me thoroughly with gloomy eyes. Then his hand touched my cheek in a soft caress. "Ginger, tell me the truth, are you in love with him?"
                          I was silent for a while. I didn't know how to answer Joseph's question. Should I be honest with him that I loved Eros, but Eros didn't love me back? Should I tell him the truth that my marriage with Eros would be for a business reason only and it would be terminated after a year?
                          "Of course you do. What a silly question." He laughed with a tone of bitterness. His hand instantly dropped on his side. Then he kept on shaking his head. "I'm a fool, a big fool."
                          I was confused looking at him. "Joseph... you know you're not. You won't achieve your dream of becoming a doctor if you are."
                          "HA! Because of pursuing that dream – I lost the woman I love." His shoulders slumped forward and I instantly noticed the dark circles around his eyes. He looked so drain and exhausted.
                          "What do you mean? You were supposed to marry her?"
                          He shook his head again. "I'm not talking about Rosie, I'm talking about someone – a girl who looks like her... whom I was crazily in love with... almost all my life. But I promised to her dad not to break her heart."
                          "What are you talking about?" My heart started to throb wildly.
                          "I know it's useless to talk about it Ginger... I was four years too late. I can see you're very happy with your fiance. I can't compete with him, he is filthy rich. He have everything in life and he can give you everything you want. I don't envy him for his material things... but I'm jealous of him, for having you."
                          What? My eyes opened wide. I stood there, blank, shocked and shaken of his revelation.
                          "Are you saying that you've been in love with me?"
                          I heard his quick intake of breath. "Yes. Eversince I first laid eyes on you. Until now... I just can't stop loving you."
                          I was tongue-tied. Damn him. I waited for him to say these words for years... and now, he had the nerve to say it in my engagement party. How dare he!
                          My temper suddenly flared. I did what I thought was the right thing to do at that moment. I moved closer to him and slapped his face.
                          "Ouch! What is that for?" Joseph's eyes opened wide. The slap took him by surprise. He was rubbing his cheek.
                          "That is for the four years of making me miserable. How dare you not telling me that you loved me. You broke my heart believing that you only cared for me as a sister. You made me feel so guilty, humiliated and dirty, of giving you that kiss! I had years of sleepless nights because of that."
                          "Believe me, Ginger, I had sleepless nights too because of that kiss. The taste of your sweet lips lingered in my mouth for years. I wish I broke my promise to your dad and told you how I really felt towards you. He knew that we loved each other and he made me promise not to hurt you. At that time, it was very inappropriate to tell you. Your dad was very sick and I was leaving for Southern Africa. I knew that telling you how I felt could just add to your pain."
                          I swallowed hard, lifted my chin and boldly met his gaze. "Nevertheless, I was hurt."
                          "I'm very sorry." He growled and shoved his hands in his pants pockets. "I just did what I thought what was best for you. You were too young at that time, still eighteen and I was twenty three."
                          I fell silent all of the sudden. The memories of what transpired four years ago creeped in, haunting me – like a ghost. I gulped hard and hot tears rolled down my cheeks.
                          "For years, I was miserable. It was so hard coping the pain of losing you... then dad."
                          "Ginger, please... I can't bear seeing you cry. I'm sorry. I'm really so sorry. Please... forgive me." He reached out his hand and touched my cheek, wiping my tears. Then he wrapped his arms around my midriff and pulled me so close to him... comforting me. I relaxed, sinking into his cushioning embrace. His hand was caressing my spine up and down.
                          Everything was like a dream, so calm and tranquil... my nerves started to relax and I felt sleepy... until a very sharp voice broke the silence - made me instantly wide awake and alerted.
                          "Holy fucking shit! What the hell is going on here!" 
                          I looked at Eros standing at the balcony door, glaring at us with murderous eyes.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to Vote, Comment and Share to your friends.***
                          

Chapter Thirty Eight

Chapter Thirty Eight (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "And yes, I'll admit, I am jealous. I'm jealous of every minute you spend with him, of every concerned expression you send his way, of every tear shed, of every glance, every touch, and every thought. I want to rip him to pieces and purge him from your mind and from your heart. But I can't." ― Colleen Houck
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          If murder is not crime, then I have killed a man now.
                          I was blinded with fury when I saw Jade hugging another man. She looked so peaceful, happy and comfortable in his arms.I'd never seen her looked like that when she was with me. Not even once did she submit herself freely in my arms - like she did with that guy!
                          My hands trembled and my blood was heated with rage and jealousy. I wanted to smash the guy's face, knocked him down, senseless, whoever he was. Better yet, KILL HIMon the spot.
                          Nobody, as in NOBODY touches my Jade.
                          
                          "Holy fucking shit! What the hell is going on here!"
                          
                          Jade looked so shocked. Like a flash of lightning, she immediately backed away from the guy. She gasped and her eyes widened with fear. Yes, she knew me too well, and she knew what I was capable of doing in situation like this.
                          "Eros, calm down. It's not what you're thinking." Her voice rose an octave.
                          "Who are you kidding, Jade?"
                          HA! They even chose the darkest spot of the balcony - at the farthest end, where they were partially hidden by hanging ferns and lanterns. Dammit. They were so engrossed with each other that they didn't notice me watching them for more than a minute already. What the fuck! The guy even called her Ginger!
                          
                          I got it now – LOUD AND CLEAR.
                          So that was the reason she didn't want me to call her 'Ginger'. This guy here used that as his term of endearment for her. He was obviously a special guy in her life! Fucking shit, why didn't she told me that she was in love with someone else.
                          Oh God. I wanted to yell at her, to shake and punish her - then ripped that guy's throat!
                          I strode closer to them and Jade moved towards me, meeting me half way in the balcony. I knew what she was trying to do, blocking my way to get hold of the guy. Great! She was defending him!
                          "Eros... let me explain."
                          "Explain what? I saw you in his arms. Dammit! We're not even married yet and you're cheating on me!" I spat the words out of my mouth and clenched my fists tightly. I didn't care if I hurt her or not at that moment. I was consumed with rage and jealousy.
                          "What?" Jade gave me a hostile glare. "You're overreacting!"
                          "Hey man, you're assuming things. Ginger..."
                          I raised a hand, signalling the guy to stop. "Shut up! I'm not talking to you."
                          His calling Jade 'Ginger' made my anger a scalding fury. I had an urge to punch his face right there and then. I moved closer to the guy, but Jade blocked my way again.


"Eros... don't you ever harm him." Jade looked at me with burning, reproachful eyes. "Joseph and I are just childhood friends."
                          I stood frozen in an instant.
                          Joseph? Did I hear her right? She said Joseph. The name of this guy is Joseph?
                          I looked at the guy then to Jade, then looked at the guy again. What the fuck is going on here? He couldn't be Joseph – because... I AM JOSEPH.
                          
                          I held Jade's bare arms and stared at her eyes. "No Jade, he's not Joseph. I can assure you, he is not YOUR JOSEPH. I am your Joseph, for Christ's sake. Remember, us, in the bar, four years ago?"
                          
                          Jade looked at me strangely. "What are you talking about? I haven't met you in a bar before.  Why do you keep on insisting that?"
                          "Because that's the truth. He is not the real Joseph."
                           "Of course he is Joseph. I've known him almost all my life."
                          "That's right, Mr. Petrakis. I'm Dr. Joseph Nevin." The guy extended his hand to shake mine but I ignored it.  He coughed and said before he left. "Um... excuse me. I have a phone call to make."
                          The silence grew tight with tension between Jade and I. Our eyes duelled. Then she looked away.
                          I was confused. I felt like the neurons in my brain became dysfunctional. My brain refused to register why she couldn't remember meeting me in the bar – and I couldn't come up a logical reason why in the world he was Joseph when I was her real Joseph.
                          I remembered our conversation in the club four years ago----
                          "Ginger.... That suits you, I'll call you Ginger."
                          "Yeah, Ginger... I like that." She smiled and nodded. "And what's your name?"
                          "Hmm... nice try. I won't tell you my real name. You can call me anything you want too." I replied. 
                           "Okay... um... I'll call you... Joseph." She said.
                          
                          Later that same night...
                          
                          "Joseph, I love you, please don't leave me." ---
                          
                          *
                          I rubbed my forehead trying to analyze the whole situation. What the hell!
                          I couldn't be wrong, Jade was Ginger.
                          I remembered her dancing a bit wildly and getting drunk that night. I knew she had a problem that she was trying to forget. Maybe because of the death of her father... or maybe she was also brokenhearted.
                          Right. She was brokenhearted. Obviously by a guy named Joseph -- Dr. Joseph Nevin.
                          Fucking shit! She pretended that I was Joseph that night!
                          
                          "You're lying." I shot her a cold look. "I know you remember that night."
                          "I don't know what you're talking about." She was clenching her teeth. She was furious.
                          "You pretended I was Joseph that night. You... you used me!" I couldn't contain my anger anymore.
                          "Please... stop it. I'm not the girl you're talking about. I haven't met you... ever before." Her lips thinned with anger.
                          "You're lying. I know you're lying Jade... or Ginger... whatever your name is." I growled and walked towards the stairs at the side of the balcony going down to the pool area.  My pride was so hurt. I felt betrayed by her. I just wanted to leave -- away from her and the fucking engagement party.
                          "Where are you going?" Jade was trailing behind me.
                          "To hell!" I paused and looked up at her. She was at the top of  the concrete stairs and I was at the bottom glaring at her.
                          "You can't just leave. Please..."
                          I heaved a long sigh and stared at her. She was so beautiful standing there – like a temptress.. a seductress. Oh God, the thought of her with another man drove me crazy.
                          Why couldn't she like me? Dammit!
                          
                          I shook my head and left her as fast as I could. I headed to the parking area, where my car was. I've never been so upset in my life.
                          
                          I drove so fast... without any direction. I was blinded with rage. I was not thinking if I would die that night. I just stomped the accelerator of my Bugatti Veyron to the maximum speed - trying to make the car fly.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to Vote and Share to your friends***

Chapter Thirty Nine

Chapter Thirty Nine (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          "We are all mistaken sometimes; sometimes we do wrong things, things that have bad consequences. But it does not mean we are evil, or that we cannot be trusted ever afterward." ― Alison Croggon
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          I was restless, trying to figure out what to do. Eros was so mad at me. He saw me in Joseph's arms.
                          Eros was jealous of Joseph.
                          I heaved a frustrated sigh and paced the balcony. What was his problem? Joseph and I were only hugging – as friends. Friends do hug. Oh my... Eros was overreacting. He didn't even give me a chance to explain. He immediately assumed that I cheated on him.
                          I was mad at him too for saying that 'we were not even married yet and I was cheating on him already.'
                          
                          Cheated on him? Really? Our engagement was FAKE, as well as the upcoming marriage. He didn't even have a right to be jealous. He was not my boyfriend. He seemed to forget that we were only pretending.
                          And what about him? He was with Stella. So cozy and having fun dancing in each others arms – as if they were the engaged couple. I dreaded the thought of them together. I was tormented by jealousy again.
                          Where is Eros now?
                          I was so worried. I hope he wouldn't  do anything stupid. He drove his car so fast when he was upset and it scared me. I wouldn't forgive myself if something bad would happen to him. I loved him and I didn't want him to get hurt.
                          I guess I have to tell Eros the truth that it was he, I truly loved, not Joseph, so he wouldn't get jealous anymore. But... what if it would scare him off? He didn't believe in love and romance – and that would be so awkward. Oh God, I didn't want to repeat the same experience I had before with Joseph. That was so humiliating. I couldn't bear another rejection either. It would surely shatter me.
                          I went inside the grand ballroom again then headed to the ladies room to freshen up.
                          "Dee." Sapphire entered the ladies room as soon as I got in. "Joseph left."
                          "He left?" I was disappointed. I really wanted to talk to Joseph and apologized for Eros behavior. Besides, there were things we needed to clear up. A lot of things I wanted to ask, like why did he broke up his engagement.
                          Joseph was a friend... a childhood friend – and more like a brother to me. We were neighbors and we grew up together. It would be hard to just forget about him... and forget that he existed. He was part of who I became now. He had a big influence in my life. Even my mom and Sapphire treated him like a family.
                          Yes, I was shocked when he confessed that he loved me - all this time. But he was a jerk for not telling me. Things would be different if he confessed his feelings for me four years ago. My life wouldn't be so hard... and my struggles wouldn't be so bad.
                          If that happened, I probably wouldn't meet Eros. Our path wouldn't cross because I wouldn't be working in a coffee shop and I wouldn't be wearing a disguise.
                          Sapphire's shrill voice made me drifted back to the present.
                           "Yes. He said he'll talk to you tomorrow. Mom invited Joseph in the house tomorrow night for dinner."
                          "OH." Now, I was disturbed. Eros wouldn't like that for sure.
                          "Why did Joseph left suddenly? What happened?" Saph was facing the mirror, fixing her hair.


"I... he...." I let out an exasperated sigh. "Our conversation didn't go well."
                          "You can continue your conversation tomorrow. I'm sure you'll patch up any conflict you have with him."
                          "Yeah, I hope. Um.. Saph. How did Joseph knew that I'm getting married. Did you tell him?"
                          "No. Of course not. He saw the news in the papers. He messaged me in Facebook last night, if he could come. I said, maybe you wouldn't mind, since he was like a family to us. You don't mind, right?"
                          "No. No, I don't mind." I replied. Putting my sister's mind at rest. She had a wonderful night and I didn't want to ruin her feastive mood. I'd seen her with Eros cousin, Kobe Latsis all night. They were almost inseparable. It was so obvious that Kobe was so smitten by her. I had to warn Sapphire to finish her studies first before entering a serious relationship. I didn't want her to be like me -  until now, still struggling to finish my online college degree.
                          It was almost eleven in the evening and I was seated at a table, alone. Sapphire was dancing with Kobe again and mom was talking with her new friends at the other table. I looked at my bracelet wrist watch for the nth time. Eros was gone for almost an hour already. Some guests wondered were he was and I had to lie - telling them that he was just around talking about business.
                          I was a bit tipsy, drinking too much champagne. I had to - to keep myself occupied and sane. I was so worried about Eros. I sent him a text message, asking where he was, even called him twice, but he didn't answer.
                          Where is he? Is he coming back?
                          I stood up and headed to the balcony. I needed fresh air. The loud music gaves me a headache already and  the place started to suffocate me. A few guests were in the balcony so I went down to the pool area. There, I was alone.
                          I was staring at the koi fishes in a small pond. There were about twenty of them, in orange, white and black colors – with spots. I was so fascinated by them that I didn't hear someone came and stood beside me.
                          "Very beautiful."
                          I turned and saw Eros staring at me.
                          "Yeah, they are." I hugged my arms.
                          "I mean, you." He continued staring at me. His eyes were dark and unfathomable.
                          "Oh." My face felt so warm all of the sudden. I knew I was blushing. I murmured my thanks and switched my eyes back to the fishes. I was so relieved that Eros was back and - safe. My troubled spirits quieted.
                          I was stupid worrying too much about him. I had weird imagination on what happened to him – a car accident, his car fell on a cliff, he was soaked with blood, he was unconsious, someone found him half dead... and was brought in the emergency room. Oh God... I was mentally tormented.
                          "Do you still love him?"
                          His question surprised me. He was obviously referring to Joseph.
                          "No." I immediately answered him. "Joseph was never my boyfriend. I... I just had a big crush on him. But now, not anymore. He's a good friend."
                          His tight expression relaxed in a smile. He looked at me intently, then raked his eyes boldly over me.  
                          My heart jolted and my pulse pounded. Oh my... I knew that look.
                          He moved closer and stopped in front of me. My whole being seemed to be filled with waiting for his next move. I tried to throttle the dizzying current racing through me.
                          His hand reached out and touched my arm. I felt the tantalising effect of his fingertips sliding my arm upward, along the naked curve of my throat until it cupped my chin.
                          I stiffened. A delicious shudder heated my body and his nearness made my head spin. I couldn't even tear my eyes off him.
                          His other hand pulled me roughly to him, that I gasped.
                          "Eros, let me go." I twisted in his arms and arched my body, I sought to get free. I was fighting my desire for him. It became dangerous, uncontrollable and addictive.
                          "Kiss me, Jade."  He whispered into my hair.
                          "No."
                          "Please. Just one kiss, freely given, then I'll let you go." Both of his arms were around me now, holding me tightly. My soft curves molded to the contours of his lean body. And it created delicious and unexplainable sensations all throughout my body.
                          "Promise?"
                          "Promise. Cross my heart."
                          Oh God. He was really detemined not to let me go until I gave him a kiss.
                          I leaned forward and stood on tip-toe. I kissed his lips briefly.
                          "Cheat." He frowned. "That's not a kiss."
                          "It is a kiss. Now, let me go." I struggled in his arms again.
                          "I said a kiss – I want a real kiss, not a peck."
                          I groaned then leaned forward and kissed him hard. His lips parted instantly and kissed me back, hotly. His tongue traced the soft fullness of my lips. Then, he drew back his lips a little, then reclaimed my lips again hungrily. Oh my... His lips was warm and sweet on mine.
                          He was kissing me with greed, as if I was a feast – totally like a starving man. His hands explored the soft lines of my back, my waist and my hips.
                          Then he was kissing my chin... my jaw. His mouth travelled down to the hollow of my throat where my pulse beat frantically. Oh my God. The delicious strokes of his tongue made me shudder. I was breathing so hard. The pleasurable sensations he created inside my body was so overwhelming. I felt like my whole being would explode.
                          My arms were clinging on him. My knees felt so weak. I knew I would fall if he'd let me go.
                          "Eros...." I grabbed his hair gently with my hands.
                          "Hmm..." He murmured and kissed my lips again – slowly, deeply and druggingly. One of his hand gently circled the outline of my breast.
                          I gasped when Eros pulled the hem of my gown up and his hand skimmed my hips and thighs.
                          "Jade... stop me. We... can't.... do it here." He said between kisses. His tongue licked the sensitive spot behind my ear.
                          "Where?" I was so restless. I wanted him so badly at that moment.
                          My mind and soul were transported to the other universe when I heard someone calling me.
                          "Jade? Jade. Are you there? Sapphire and I are going home now." My mom called out.
                          "Maybe, she's in the ladies room." A familiar male voice said. It was Donovan.
                          Oh God, my mom! I immediately pushed Eros so hard that I was off-balanced.
                          "Careful Jade." Eros said and immediately caught my arms.
                          Thanks God.
                          But I didn't realize that it was just a temporary bliss. Eros foot tripped over something and we were both off-balanced.  Then together in each other's arms, we fell in the pond.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***
                          

Chapter Forty

Chapter Forty (Unedited)
                          -- Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          *** This Love Quote was submitted by Rupal Verma wattpad username: mystery_itself ***
                          Everytime I Look At The Stars I gazed in your eyes, Such a beautiful blue; My heart whispered to me, And that's right when I knew; The waves had ceased crashing, On the sand at our feet; Time had stopped passing, My search was complete; I finally discovered, What I'd known all along; A mystery uncovered, That just couldn't be wrong; It wasn't our first kiss, Nor the day that we met; But I realized something, I will never forget; With the stars shining brightly, From high up above; I'd one word to describe it, That word, is love. I knew then these feelings, For my sweetheart were true; The man of my dreams, And my soulmate, is you. I think of it every time, That I look at the stars; This memory is mine, But that moment was OURS. - Stephanie Lumley -
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          The rest of the night of our engagement party became more enjoyable for everyone.
                          Donovan and Ruby heard Jade's shrilled voice when we fell into the pond. They came immediately and found us with the koi fishes.  
                          Sapphire and Kobe also arrived. They were laughing at us but thought that falling in the pond was cool.  We were surprised when they suddenly jumped into the pool with their clothes on.
                          Some of the teenage guests joined the fun and also jumped into the pool. Then eventually, the party from the grand ballroom was transferred to the pool area. Almost everyone was getting wet at midnight – swimming, dancing, drinking, giggling and laughing.
                          I took Jade home at midnight.  I attempted to kiss her again before she went out of the car, but she evaded my kiss.
                          "What's wrong?"
                          "Eros, please. Nobody's watching us anymore."
                          "So?"
                          The corner of her mouth twisted with exasperation. "You always forgot that we're only pretending."
                          I reached for her hand which was lying on her lap, then I raised it to my lips, kissing her palm and made teasing bites on her forefinger. "I'm not pretending. Everytime I kissed you, touched you... I did it because I wanted to."
                          "I wonder why is that?" She pulled her hand away from me, then hugged herself.
                          "Isn't it obvious to you yet? I lo... like you."
                          For Christ's sake. I almost said LOVE. Dammit. I have to be careful in what I was saying. It seemed like I lost my sanity everytime I was with Jade. NO. I couldn't be in love with her. Love didn't exist in my vocabulary.
                          "Like?" She asked.
                          "YES. I like you. I always like you. Eversince we've met." I put my arms around her shoulders, drawing her closer to me.
                          She bit her lip to stifle a grin. "No. That is so hard to believe, Mr. Petrakis." She removed my arm around her and moved away from me.
                          I pulled my brows together and asked her. "Why?"
                          "You have a weird way of showing it. Remember the day we've met? Outside the coffee shop?"
                          "Of course. You were like an angel, that fell from Heaven. So fragile, delicate and lovely..."


"Excuse me, you called me malnourish."
                          "I did?"
                          "Yeah, you did. And you took advantage of me."
                          "I did? When?" My eyes widened. What the hell is she talking about?
                          "When you asked me to work for you. Imagine waking up at three every morning so I could be in your place before five. I was scared of losing my job, because YOU said, you don't tolerate late employees."
                          "OH, that." I was thinking of different things. On bed with Jade, both naked and sweating. I was pushing myself so hard inside her and she was screaming with ecstasy.
                          "Not only that, you shouted at me – calling me stupid, clumsy and other mean words. Remember when I accidentally broke that cup, you lied, saying that it was a rare ming dynasty chinese cup. You even threatened me to jail if I wouldn't work for you again. My goodness... and you're saying that you already liked me at that time? You're unbelievable."
                          I felt guilty all of a sudden. I was ruthless to her and the thought made me flinched. "Shhh... okay, I admit, I was ruthless to you. I'm so sorry, sweetheart. It was the only way that I could think of, to fight the attraction I felt for you."
                          "Oh really, Eros. You really took advantage of me."
                          Great. I made her upset now. I just told her the truth, what I felt for her, and now, she was freaking out. I hated to admit it. But she was right. I took advantage of her. Until now – with the fake upcoming marriage.
                          "That's why I'm telling you what I feel for you. I like you and I want us to stop pretending anymore. Let's make this engagement and our marriage real. I know you like me too, Jade. You wouldn't kiss me like that if you don't."
                          Her eyebrows rose in annoyance. "I was a bit drunk. That was the effect of alcohol. I could respond to any guy's kisses at that state."
                          "You're lying again. You want me as much as I want you, sweetheart. Do you want me to remind you now how much you clung so tightly in my arms and begged for my kisses?"
                          "Ugh! No thanks. You're putting too much meaning on it, Mr. Petrakis. Maybe I was thinking of another man at that moment."
                          Shit! She really knew how to make me very furious and jealous. "Are you?"
                          "I'm cold now. I have to go. Goodnight." She grabbed the car door's handle and it automatically clicked open.
                          "Dammit, Jade. Answer me! Were you thinking of that doctor when you kissed me?" My fingers dug into the soft flesh of her arm.
                          "Let me go. You're hurting me."
                          "Then, answer me." My jaw clenched and my lips were thinning with displeasure.
                          "NO... no, of course not. I'm sorry, it was so wrong of me to say that."
                          I shook my head and removed my hand from her arm.
                          "We really need to talk. I'll call you later."
                          She just nodded and went out of my car.
                          Jade's POV
                          Ding! Dong!
                          "I'll get it mom." I shouted. I was on my way downstairs when I heard the loud ringing of the doorbell.
                          It was a man from a flowershop, delivering a beautiful bouquet of pink roses.
                          "For Miss Jade Collins, maam." The delivery man said.
                          "Thank you. I'm Jade Collins." I signed the slip and took the bouquet.
                          I smelled the roses. Hmmm... so freshly picked. I loved pink roses and it really brightened my day.


My phone suddenly rang. I took the phone out of my denim shorts' pocket to answer it.
                          It was Eros.
                          "I miss you." He said.
                          "Already?" I replied.
                          "Yeah. And I miss your coffee."
                          "You want me to make you one now? I'll be there in your office in...um, about twenty minutes." I said, checking the time on my wristwatch. It was already one week since I stopped working with Eros, and staying here in the house, doing the household chores, everyday, studying my lessons in advance, surfing he internet -  bored me to death. I missed being in the office... and being with Eros.
                          "I wish. But I'm not in the office right now."
                          "Ah... a business meeting."
                          "Yeah, in Philadelphia. I'll probably won't see you tonight."
                          "Ok, that's fine."
                          "It's not fine with me. I wish you were here. I really miss you. Terribly." His voice was deep and sensual. "Do you miss me too?"
                          "Um... yes. Of course." Oh shocks, I admitted.
                          I heard him chuckled. "You made me happy, sweetheart. We really need to talk. I want everything clear between us before we'll get married."
                          "Sure. We can do it tomorrow night."
                          "Yeah, tomorrow night. I have to go, Jade. The investors are here."
                          "Okay. By the way, thanks for the flowers. How did you know I love pink roses?"
                          "Flowers?  Pink roses? I didn't send you today."
                          Uh-oh... I immediately took the note attached on the bouquet. Oh my goodness, it was from Joseph.
                          "Er... I'll see you tomorrow. Bye." I said in a hurry and put down the phone.
                          I read Joseph's note again.
                          Ginger,
                          I'm sorry.
                          Looking forward in seeing you tonight.
                          Love,
                          Joseph
                          That evening, I wore one of the dresses that Eros bought for me. He was the one who chose the dress when I modeled it for him. It was a short white dress that hugged my body perfectly. I matched it with my new pair of four-inch silver stilettos.
                          I brushed my ginger-red hair until it shone, then I put on a light make-up on my face.
                          I was putting on my contact lens when the doorbell rang. It must be Joseph now. I hurriedly applied a red lipstick on my lips and went out of my bedroom.
                          Mom and Joseph were in the living room, talking.
                          "Hi." I greeted them.
                          "Wow, you look so gorgeous, Ginger." Joseph gave me a kiss on my cheek, then hugged me.
                          "Thanks." I replied. "Anyway thanks also for the roses, I love it." I pointed at the pink roses now in the flower vase on top of the living room center table.
                          "You're welcome. I always remember how you love pink roses." Joseph smiled, showing his dimples. I laughed at the thought, how I found it so devastatingly cute before.
                          "I'll leave you too. I have to change for dinner." My mom said before she spun around and left us.
                          It was so awkward at first, seeing Joseph again after the incident last night. I was so embarrassed of Eros' behavior. Eros was acting so crazy, getting so jealous of Joseph.


"I'm sorry about last night."
                          "It's okay. I didn't know that you have a very possessive fiance."
                          "I didn't know either."
                          Joseph laughed and I laughed with him too.
                          "But he is a nice guy, once you'll get to know him."
                          "Well, I don't have any intention of knowing him. He stole my girl away from me." He smirked.
                          "Joseph, please. I'm getting married."
                          "Yes, I know. BUT, I want you to know that I'll be right here waiting for you whenever you change your mind."
                          "Joseph..."
                          "I love you Ginger, with all my heart. This Petrakis guy will just break your heart. He was a despicable man. The way he shouted at you last night made me cringed. I can't let you marry him. He will hurt you."
                          "Eros is not like that. He was just jealous when he saw us together."
                          He smiled and shook his head. "He's bad for you, trust me. Open your eyes. That man is ruthless and evil. I read an article in the internet about him today. His employees and collegues even hated him."
                          "Joseph, please. I understand your concern, but I know Eros so well. He is not like that."
                          "I don't trust him Ginger. He will not be a good husband to you. You will have a lot of competition. Girls wouldn't stop chasing him for his looks and money. I know his kind. He will have mistresses all over the globe."
                          I couldn't believe Joseph was saying these things about Eros. He used to be a kindhearted man and wouldn't say anything bad against other people.
                          "Joseph, I'm going to marry him. You can't change my mind."
                          "Why? Are you sure you are in love with him? Or are you blinded with his looks, his lifestyle and money?"
                          My temper flared immediately. Oh God, I was starting to dislike Joseph now. "How could you say that to me, Joseph."
                          "I'm sorry, Jade." He shook his head. "I know you're not that kind of woman. You don't like lavish and glamorous lifestyles.  You just want simple things and enough money to provide for you and your family."
                          I was silent for a while. Joseph hit a nerve there. He was right. I was going to marry Eros because of the money. The money to secure my family's future. Oh God, I felt like a real gold digger.
                          "Do you love him?"
                          I nodded. At least it was true. I loved Eros so badly and everyday, it intensified.
                          "I thought you love me." He stood up and smirked again. "I can give you what you want, Ginger. I can support you and your family. We can have enough for both of us. I'll make you so happy. Just give me a chance to prove to you how much I love you."
                          "Joseph. Did you hear me? I said I love him. Nothing can change that. I'm marrying Eros in three weeks time. What I felt for you before... it was gone now. I... I realized that when I saw Eros last night looking so mad at us. The thought of him so angry made me upset and when he left, I was so worried. I wouldn't forgive myself if something bad happened to him. I love him so much."
                          Joseph shook his head. Denying what I just said to him. He growled and said. "No, you don't love him. God, I can't accept this. It hurt as hell."
                          I saw tears falling on his cheeks. My goodness, he was crying.
                          "Oh, Joseph, please don't cry. I don't want to hurt you. But, I have to tell you the truth." I touched his arm, caressing it gently.
                          In an instant, Joseph hugged me, then kissed my lips.
                          "Joseph, no...."
                          "I love you, Ginger. Please be mine." His arms encircled my waist, drawing me closer to him.
                          I pushed him away with all my might, but he was holding my waist so tightly. "Joseph, stop it."
                          "You love me, Ginger. Tell me you love me."
                          "Yes, I love you, but only as a friend... like an older brother. Let me go, Joseph or I'll scream."
                          The doorbell rang loudly. Thanks God. Saved by the bell.
                          Joseph released me and I scrambled immediately to the door and opened it. I was certain it was Sapphire because she was still in school for her cheerdance practice.
                          But I was shocked when I opened the door. It was not Sapphire, but a man holding a bouquet of pink roses with a wine on his other hand.
                          It was Eros.

Chapter Forty One

Chapter Forty One (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                           **Thanks a lot to @Maria Zahorova wattpad username: @mriazhorov for the detailed GENOGRAM of the Petrakis, Monteiro and Valiente clans. Love you sis. I really appreciate this. **
                          "If my love were an ocean, there would be no more land. If my love were a desert, you would see only sand. If my love were a star- late at night, only light. And if my love could grow wings, I'd be soaring in flight."
                          ––Thirteen Reasons Why by Jay Asher
                          Eros' POV
                          I was supposed to spend the night at Philadelphia, but I decided to cut the business negotiation short with the investors. I even declined attending the special dinner party they organized for me.
                          Jade's statement when I called her this morning really bothered me. Thanks for the flowers. How did you know I love pink roses?
                          I didn't send her flowers today. And pink roses? I didn't even know that she loved pink roses. Dammit.
                          There was only one person that I could think of, who sent her pink roses. The one who knew her, better than I do. The doctor.
                          
                          Jade's statement kept on replaying in my head like a broken tape recorder. Joseph was never my boyfriend. I just had a big crush on him. But now, not anymore. He's a good friend.
                          I wondered how big her crush was on him? I shook my head and heaved a long sigh. I was not convinced with her statement. She just probably said it to ease my anger.
                          The doctor was a fine looking man – blond. His appearance was often cast as the boy next door in Disney movies, or used in propagandas to allure girls. Girls would easily fall for his deceiving angelic features - including Jade.
                          I was furious seeing them together last night. Looking so good and very comfortable in each other's arms. I wanted to tear his limbs apart or gave him a taste of my kickboxing stunts.
                          That doctor was a threat in my relationship with Jade. I have to delete him – erase him in her life.
                          I asked Donovan to investigate about Dr. Joseph Nevin. To gather as much information about him. I found out that he was a long time neighbor of Jade's family in New Jersey, almost ten years. He was so close to them, especially to Jade.
                          When Joseph Nevin graduated college and passed his Nursing board exam, he went to Southern Africa to volunteer for a medical mission. A few months later, he studied medicine under a scholarship program in Canada and graduated with flying colors. Then, after he passed the Medical board exam, he worked in the school's affiliated hospital, where he met Rosie, also known as Dr. Mary Rose Hotchkins, his fiancee. Yesterday was supposed to be their wedding day. Their family and friends where shocked when they suddenly broke up and cancelled the wedding.
                          **
                          I was in a hurry to sign all the business contracts and cut off all arguments about the deal, so I could flew back to New York and arrived at Jade's place at seven. I decided to surprise her that evening.
                          The moment my helicopter landed at the rooftop of Petrakis residential building, I immediately went to my room, took my clothes off and had a quick shower. Then I shaved my five o'clock stubble.
                          It took me a while choosing what to wear. I scanned my wardrobe, opening all the closets. Formal. Semi-formal. Casual. Semi-casual. Rugged.
                          I'd never been so confused or bothered on what to wear in my entire life. Usually, I just grabbed and wore whatever shirt I like in an instant. Thinking of pity things like that was a waste of time.


But now, it was nearly five minutes already, and still, I was undecided what to wear. I wanted to please Jade. I wanted her to look at me as... what? Her prince charming? Knight in shining armor?
                          Well, I didn't know exactly.
                          But I wanted her to like me. NO... Not just LIKE. It was a shallow word for what I wanted her to feel for me.
                          I wanted her to feel so deeply for me, liked she couldn't live without me anymore. I wanted her to see me as her man – someone who would be there for her forever and always, who would rescue her from all her troubles and worries and someone who wouldn't leave her side, in good times and bad times.
                          I wanted to be her present and future. Yeah, her future. I couldn't bear the thought of living without Jade after a year – when the contract ended. The pain of losing her would shatter my heart completely.
                          I liked everything about Jade and everyday, I just missed her. I counted every single minute and hours of the day, until I was with her again.
                          True. I've never been crazy with a woman before – and with Jade, I couldn't explain. My world seemed to revolve around her now. Every decision I  made, I connected it with her. Even my plans for the future, I always associated it with her.
                          Oh God, I was out of my mind... and the worse thing was, my feelings for her grew more and more every single day. It intensified.
                          Last night, I nearly said I LOVE YOU to her. Dammit.
                          I growled and paced the area inside my wardrobe, tightening the loosen towel around my hips. I felt dizzy and confused all of the sudden. Like I was hit by a canonball.
                          Maybe I'm in love with Jade. I've never felt this kind of attraction to a woman - ever before. It's like an obsession. It totally disrupted my life. Oh God, am I in love with Jade? 
                          
                          I growled aloud and sat on a wooden stool. Realization hit me.
                          
                          God.... Yes. I am definitely in love with Jade. I love her... I truly love her.
                          
                          Everything about her made me crazy – crazily in love with her and she was a distraction – a sweet distraction that I couldn't live without anymore.
                          I felt defeated... and tired of fighting my feelings for her anymore. It was about time. Time to surrender, concede and give up fighting – and denying. What was the used? I would just end up sufferring and being miserable all throughout my life.
                          Tonight, I'm going to tell her what I truly feels for her. I love her – and if she doesn't love me back, I won't stop doing anything and giving her everything for her to learn to love me in return. I will wait, even forever if I have to. I won't give up.
                          
                          I groaned and opened a closet again. Then finally, I decided to wear long sleeves button up light blue denim shirt and navy jeans. I rolled up my shirt sleeves just below my elbows and left the top button of my shirt open.
                          At seven in the evening, I was outside Jade's house. I was so excited to tell her that I loved her. But I was nervous as hell too. I was afraid that she would freak out or get upset. Well, I have to tell her tonight, no matter what her reaction would be. I have to get it out of my chest.
                          Who knows, she feels the same way too. I will be the luckiest man in the whole universe if that would be the case. I just have to be optimistic about it.
                          I brought her pink roses. She said it was her favorite and of course champagne. To celebrate our what? Love? Well, I really hope.
                          I was not a sucker of love and romance. But it seemed like my perspective about it eventually changed when I met Jade. I started to appreciate heart shapes, flowers, candlelight dinners, poetry... even shakespeare. Oh God.


I rang the doorbell and the door abruptly opened by Jade, who was out of breath. I wondered why she was panting. Her eyes dilated in shock, her face looked so pale and her red lipstick was smudge on her lips. What's going on?
                          "Surprise." I smiled to her and gave her the bouquet of pink roses.
                          "Oh! You're here." She coughed a little, then smiled back. "Thanks." She took the bouquet and sniffed the flowers.
                          "And of course, champagne."
                          "Champagne? Are we celebrating something."
                          "Yeah, sweetheart. We are." I hugged Jade and kissed her cheek. "I missed you. Besides, we really need to talk."
                          "About what?"
                          "Our future?" I teased her.
                          She smiled and clung to me so tightly like she was afraid of letting me go. It made me feel wanted at that moment and LOVED. I couldn't help being optimistic on the outcome of our talk later that evening.
                          I noticed a movement at the corner of my eye. Then I saw him. The same blond man I wanted to murder last night. The doctor. Joseph Nevin.
                          
                          "What the hell is he doing in here?" I asked Jade. I was trying so hard to calm my voice. I was burning with intense rage.
                          Jade instantly moved out of my arms. "Mom invited Joseph last night for dinner. Just like old times' sake. He was our neighbor in New Jersey and like a family to us."
                          She drew me towards the living room area, where the doctor was standing. He had a smirk on his face which I wanted to erase, by punching his face and ripping his throat.
                          We were moving closer to him when I noticed his lips smeared with a lipstick - in red color. I looked at Jade's lips then back to the doctor's lips. Fucking shit! They were kissing before I came in!
                          My temper skyrocketed. I was really furious with jealousy.
                          He was just a neighbor and like a family, huh? Is she kidding me? For heaven's sake, they were kissing!
                          
                          "Eros, I want you to meet Joseph... again. He was my childhood friend. Joseph, this is Eros, my fiance."
                          I nodded at him and he nodded back at me.
                          "Ah... excuse me. I have to check the food in the kitchen first if its ready. Just make yourselves comfortable."
                          "Okay." "Sure." The doctor and I said simultaneously.
                          Jade took the wine I brought and headed to the kitchen.
                          The moment she left, I eyed the doctor furiously. "You kissed my girl."
                          The doctor smirked and licked the side of his lips, then nipped his lower lip. "Ya, delicious. I love strawberry."
                          Asshole! I wanted to knock him dead at that moment. "Stay away from her." I gritted my teeth and clenched my fists. "I warn you. I could be your worse nightmare, if you crosses with me."
                          "Whoah, Mr. Hotshots. You don't scare me. Jade is my girl."
                          "You're asking for trouble, man. Running away from your fiancee and stealing mine." I spat the words at him.
                          "Isn't it the other way around? I understand you are to marry a girl named Stella Valiente." His eyes blazed angrily at me.
                          "You have the wrong info. You should not listen to gossips and read trash in tabloids. I thought you're smart. Tsk. Tsk. Idiotic doctor. I pity all your patients." I grinned at him, making him angrier.
                          He suddenly aimed a punch on my face. Dammit! I didn't see it coming. The blow had me off balance that I fell on the couch. But I recovered immediately. My jaw hurt and I massaged it to ease the pain.
                          "You want a fight, huh? Not here. We can do it outside. Have some respect for Jade and her family." I stood up and shoved him away from me.
                          But he aimed another punch at me. This time, I caught his right fist with my left hand and immediately gave him an uppercut blow at his jaw.
                          He fell on the floor. He wiped his lips with the back of his hand and exclaimed when he saw blood. "Shit!" Then slowly, he stood up staggering. He took the vase on top of the center table with the pink roses in it.
                          "No man, don't do that."
                          He was about to throw the vase at me when Jade suddenly appeared.
                          "Hi, um... the food is ready. It's time for dinner." She said, smiling at us. Then she noticed the doctor holding the vase. She frowned and asked. "What are you doing with the vase?"
                          "Ah... I'm just appreciating the roses and the vase. They're beautiful." Nevin coughed and returned the vase on top of the center table.
                          I smirked and shook my head, making Nevin more furious.
                          The doorbell rang and Jade's sister, Sapphire, arrived together with my cousin, Kobe.
                          "You're seriously dating her?" I whispered at Kobe. "She's just a kid."
                          "She'll be eighteen in a month. Stop acting like a big daddy to her." Kobe tapped my back.
                          "Just don't hurt her or make her cry."
                          "Relax, bro, you know me, I'm a good boy." Kobe grinned at me.
                          "Since when?" I gave him an odd look. "I'm serious. You're going to deal with me if you mess up with her."
                          "I know what I'm doing, bro. I'm twenty, not ten years old. Okay?"
                          Jade's mother finally came down, wearing a red dress and high-heeled shoes. She looked different. More stunning and blooming. She was even wearing make-up. I wondered why?
                          Then, I understood why. The doorbell rang again and the last guest finally arrived. It was Donovan.

Chapter Forty Two

Chapter Forty Two (Unedited)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlists here-
                          
                          "No matter what has happened. No matter what you've done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you. I swear it."  --Defiance by C.J. Redwine
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "What happened to your lower lip? It's bleeding." I asked Joseph on our way to the dining table. His lower lip was swollen and there was even a tear on it.
                          He dug a hankerchief from his pants' pocket and wiped his mouth. "I accidentally bit my lip when I sneezed." 
                          "Really?" I had a feeling that he was lying. "I hope you're okay."
                          "I'm fine." He said and took my elbow. "Jade, I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me... I shouldn't have kissed you like that. It's just that I love you and I couldn't bear the thought of losing you."
                          I was very upset of him when he kissed me, but my heart melted easily. He was a good friend, like a brother to me. He was always there when I needed him when we were young. I couldn't just hate him because of that kiss - and because he loved me.
                          I looked around to check where Eros was. He was busy talking to his cousin, Kobe. 
                          I drew Joseph to the kitchen to have a little privacy. I needed to talk to him, to settle things between us. "Joseph, I want you to understand that I'm not the same girl who had a big crush on you. I grew up. What I felt for you before... it's gone. I love Eros now and I'm going to marry him."
                          His eyes immediately blazed with anger. "I can't let you marry him. He's not the right guy for you. You're just blinded by his appearance... his lifestyle, power and money." He heaved a frustrated sigh and ran a hand through his hair. "Ginger, open your eyes. He is the encarnated Lucifer. Your life will be miserable with him."
                          "Don't you ever talk about Eros like that!" I snapped at Joseph. I started to dislike him for saying bad things about Eros. I love Eros and hearing mean things about him hurt me too. "Eros is a good man. Why do you keep on saying that he's evil, and calling him Lucifer... you have no right to call him that. You don't know him."
                          "I know him." He lashed out the words with gritted teeth.
                          "NO, you don't."
                          He laughed and nodded his head. "Of course I know him. He was the reason why you hid in the convent."
                          "What?" I couldn't believe what I just heard, and coming from Joseph's mouth.
                          "Don't deny it, Jade. I know your little secret." He smiled at me sarcastically. His face came nearer to mine. Then he said in a murmur voice. "But what really puzzled me is... why are you marrying the man you've been running away for years?"
                          "You're talking nonsense, Joseph."
                          "Am I?" He chuckled. "Did he know about your secret, honey? Well, I guess not."
                          "Stop it. I don't know what you're talking about!" I was freaking out. The reminder of a bad memory really made my heart ripped into two. He was opening a wound deeply buried inside me. A memory that I learned and strived to forget.
                          "Ginger, don't deny it. I know what really happened and I want to save you from making another mistake again. I'm here to help you make your past right." He held my arms and slightly shook me. "He was your mistake, for heaven's sake! You're messing with your life marrying that devil."


"Stop it. I don't want to hear any of these. Leave me alone!" I was so mad at him. I wanted him to stop talking - he really annoyed me now, interferring with my life. "This is my life. I don't need you to tell me what is right or what is wrong-you were not the one who suffered from a bad experience. You were not the one who failed and disappointed my loved ones... you have no right... "
                          "Ginger, honey, I just want to help you."
                          "No, you're not helping me at all. You made things... complicated. Coming back into my life when things started to become right -  and saying you love me... that's too much! Where were you when I needed you? Didn't it make you evil too? For suddenly disappearing in my life when I needed you?"
                          He groaned and put his hands on his pants pocket. "That's why I'm here, I'm back for good - to amend my mistake of leaving you. We belong together, Ginger. Just give me a chance to show you how much I love you. You will learn to love me back. Remember the good times we had together? You can't just erase that. We were so happy."
                          "I'm... I'm starting to have a headache." I rubbed my temple, feeling so confused. 
                          "Think about what I've said. About us." He almost whispered then he reached out and touched my hair.
                          "Is everything okay?" 
                          Joseph and I jolted when we heard Eros voice. We immediately looked at him. He was standing at the doorway of the kitchen.  He was frowning. I knew from the expression of his face that he didn't like what he saw.
                          I wondered how long he was standing there - how much of my conversation with Joseph did he hear?
                          "Yeah... " I moved away from Joseph and went closer to Eros. He held his arm up and I went directly into it. He hugged me so tightly and kissed my forehead. 
                          "They're waiting." He said and led me out of the kitchen.
                          I was seated in the dining table between Eros and Joseph. 
                          Eros was acting like a real fiance. He asked me what I wanted to eat among the dishes and put food on my plate first before his. He even peeled off the skin of the prawns for me to eat and sliced my steak into small pieces. Then filled my flute with champagne.
                          I was not fond of people invading my plate, but with Eros... It was like a natural thing to do. It was like sharing food, discovering our taste, our likes and dislikes and ourselves. He was putting food on my plate which I enjoyed eating, then I removed the garlics off my plate and transferred it to his. He knew I hated the taste of garlic - so ironic since he loved garlic so much. 
                          We even shared a dessert. I was feeding him with my chocolate almond ice cream.
                          "Next time, we'll set only one plate for both of you." My mom joked.
                          Kobe and Sapphire dominated the conversation during dinner. They were talking about the book series that turned into a movie, The Maze Runner. 
                          "I finished reading the four books..... there was a scene where I cried so much... when he said kill me... and Thomas had no choice but to shoot him in the head... Teresa also got... "
                          "Shhh... stop it. You're a spoiler!" Kobe exclaimed.
                          We all laughed at them. Then, Joseph talked about his volunteer work in a medical mission in Southern Africa. How he got the scholarship program to study medicine in Canada. Although I as still upset of him, I couldn't help but being impressed by his perseverance to pursue his dream of becoming a doctor.
                          "How did you meet Rosie?" Sapphire asked insensitively.
                          Joseph flinced, taken aback by Sapphire's question.
                          "Who's Rosie?" Kobe asked.
                          "Joseph's ex-fiancee. They broke up a few days before the wedding. And to think that it should be last Saturday."
                          "Ugh, that's horrible." Kobe snorted.
                          "Yeah, come on Joseph, tell us about Rosie." Sapphire insisted. I wanted to kick her feet under the table but I couldn't reach her. I gave her a warning look but it seemed like she didn't understand my message. 
                          "Sapphire, it's not nice to ask Joseph about that. He just broke up with Rosie, and he was still hurt about it..." My mom said, noticing Joseph's discomfort too.
                          "It's okay, Mrs. Collins. It's fine." Joseph answered. "Actually, I met Rosie in the hospital. We worked together attending a cancer patient, and in the process, we got to know each other well. That's how it started." He looked at me and then he coughed. He was profusely sweating now.  Everyone was listening to him eagerly. "I was attracted to her because she was pretty and smart. She had long ginger-red hair, green eyes, tall and slim. Her physical features reminded me of Jade."
                          Eros suddenly coughed and asked for water. I rubbed his back and asked him. "Are you okay?"
                          "Yeah, yeah. I'm fine."
                          Joseph continued his story. "Rosie was highly educated, very articulate and intelligent - a very strong woman. She headed a campaign on women and child abuse in Canada, joined activities in fighting against breast cancer, did educational talks and awareness programs in different schools/institutions about varied issues, like child trafficking, sex education, women's rights, family planning and others."
                          "Wow, very impressive." Sapphire said. "She's a female version of you, Joseph."
                          "Ya, that's what our collegues said."
                          "Hmm... You have the same profession, same advocation in life, hard working and very compassionate with people. In other words, very compatible - a good match. But how come you broke up?"
                          "Sapphire!" I snapped at my sister. She was so insensitive sometimes.
                          "That's something that you shouldn't ask." Mom scolded Sapphire.
                          "I'm sorry, Joseph." Sapphire said.
                          "It's okay. Don't worry about it. It's nice to get it out of my chest through."
                          Then, Donovan admitted about his interest to know my mom better and how serious he was with his intention. He even asked for our permission to let him visit my mom and take her out for a date.
                          Of course, Sapphire and I agreed. We were so happy for them. 
                          It had been four years since dad died, and it was time for my mom to move on too and find happiness with another man. I knew, Donovan was the right man for her. He was caring, loving and loyal. He was a good guy.
                          We continued our conversation in the living room afterwards. Most of the time, Eros was silent. We were seated in the couch with his arms around me. He was running his fingers up and down in my arm. Sending shivers down my spine. Then he laced his fingers through mine and rubbing his palm on mine. The rhythm was slow and gentle, a sweet torment that made my hormones crazy. I looked at him and he looked back at me - the desire was very visible in his eyes, so strong and potent.
                          I shifted on my seat and moved closer to him. I wrapped my arms around his waist and settled my head on his chest. 
                          I was bothered by his wallet pressing the side of my stomach. It made me feel uncomfortable. I couldn't help but TOUCH it.
                          Eros jerked up. He suddenly looked at me with wide eyes.
                          "Eros, can you transfer your wallet to the other side? It's pressing my stomach." I whispered and continued rubbing his wallet.
                          He let out a soft growl and hissed. "Believe me sweetheart, it's not my wallet your rubbing."
                          I was confused for a moment. I didn't understand what he meant. Then realization hit me. "Oh my God."

Chapter Forty Three

Chapter Forty Three (Unedited)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlists here-
                          
                          "I'm thinking of you, that's all I do, all the time. You're always the first and the last thing on this heart of mine. No matter where I go, or what I do, I'm thinking of you." ― Dierks Bentley
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          I need a shower - a very cold shower to lower down the temperature of my body. I looked at my hardened shaft. Dammit, I have to get out of here - to save myself from embarrassment. 
                          I cursed myself, my testosterones and my dick, for being so responsive of Jade's touch, for losing control easily. All the nerves in my body was crying for excitement and release... protesting wildly. 
                          I couldn't believe Jade touched my dick, and rubbing it. She thought it was my wallet, for Christ's sake. She was so naive. 
                          Yeah, the feel of her hands rubbing my... oh God, it was so good... that I almost exploded. My shaft still tingled from her touch that my body kept on shivering.
                          I excused myself and went to the bathroom. I stayed there for a while, trying to ease my chaotic nerves - I paced the room, did fifty push ups, washed my face and gargled my mouth with listerine.
                          I can do this. I have to do this. Tonight. It's now or NEVER. 
                          
                          I inhaled deeply, gathering all my strength and courage to face Jade again and tell her what I truly felt for her. I already constructed the words that I wanted say to her in my mind. I even memorized it again and again. 
                          I went out of the bathroom and headed to the living room. To my surprise, Joseph Nevin took my place in the couch, sitting beside Jade. They seemed so engrossed talking to each other that Jade didn't notice that I was back.
                          I got jealous and furious easily. I wanted to grab the man's shirt and throw him out of the window. I wished I could do that, but knowing Jade would hate me afterwards, I tried to control myself.
                          "Jade." I extended my hand for her to come to me but she shook her head and signalled for me to wait. I was disappointed, hurt and extremely jealous. 
                          Nevin smirked at me and returned his attention to Jade. He even provoked me by holding Jade's hand between his two hands.
                          I clenched and unclenched my fists. My teeth gritted. My mind was in riot, thinking of a hundred ways to kill a man. How I wished I could crush the asshole and removed the smirk off his face. 
                          I moved farther away from the living room but still continued glancing at Jade and Nevin. Checking how farther the jerk's hand went on touching Jade.
                          Kobe tapped my shoulder. "You look like you're about to murder someone. Need any help?" Then he laughed. "You've better watch out. I'm sure that doctor has a thing for Jade."
                          I puckered my brows, fully annoyed. I shoved my hands inside my pant's pockets and faced Kobe.
                          "I'm going now. I have an early flight tomorrow to Greece, but I'll be back next week."
                          "Okay. Just send my regards to Aunt Elisa." I replied, then glanced at Jade again.
                          "Sure." Kobe laughed. "If you need help in disposing the guy, just give me a ring. We can easily throw him in the middle of pacific ocean. That would be fun."


I laughed with him and tapped his back. "You're crazy. That's not a funny joke."
                          "I just want to make you laugh. You looked so tense man."
                          I growled frustratingly. "She's making me lost my sanity."
                          "That's what love does to people. I can see that you love her so much. I'm happy for you man. Finally you believe in love."
                          I nodded and raked a hand through my hair.
                          "Have to go. I'll see you next week man." Kobe said before he spun around and left.
                          **
                          It was nearly midnight when I was alone with Jade in the living room, sitting on the couch. Donovan and the doctor already left. Jade's mother already retired for the night, as well as Sapphire.
                          "What is it that you wanted to talk about?" Jade said and bent down to unclasp the strap of her silver stilettos off her feet. "Hope you don't mind, my feet hurts."
                          "About us." I said, then immediately knelt down in front of her and held one of her ankles. "Let me."
                          "It's okay. I can manage." 
                          "Please." My voice sounded like pleading, but who cares. Jade looked at me and nodded.
                          I unclasped the straps of her stilettos and removed the pair off her feet. I sat down next to her and pulled her feet up on my lap. "I'll give you a massage."
                          "No... no." She protested. "This is embarrassing."
                          "Embarrassing? I will be your husband, Jade. In three weeks time. You have nothing to be embarrass about." I started giving her a massage. From her ankle to her toes. Damn, she had a beautiful pair of legs and nice manicured feet. Her skin was so soft and smooth like silk.
                          "There you go again, forgetting that this is just a fake marriage." She moaned with pleasure and sprung her body on the couch. She leaned her head and back against the throw pillows. "That feels soooo good... uhm... don't stop... there.. there... ohhhhh Goooodddd." She held her arms up above her head and twisted her body sensuously like a kitten. She looked so desirable, sensual and passionate... damn!
                          My body responded immediately to her, making my testosterones wild and made the center of my male anatomy grew rock-hard again. I groaned, controlling the urge to pull her roughly in my arms and make love to her fast and hard - like a stone-age man.
                          "I'm sleepy..." She murmured.
                          "NO... no, Jade. We need to talk first."  I slowly pulled her up. 
                          "Can we do it tomorrow? It's almost midnight." She looked so droggy already.
                          "I have to tell you something. I have to let you know and get this off my chest." I took her hands and held it tightly.
                          She sat properly and focused her eyes on mine - obviously trying to wake up.
                          My brain froze and I just stared at her eyes intensely. I tried to remember the words I memorized a few hours ago - the words I constructed meticulously to say to her, in declaring my love and devotion... how I cherished her and so on... but now, it was all gone. I couldn't remember a thing. I was mentally blocked. Dammit, I've never experienced this before.
                          "What is it, Eros?" 
                          "I.... I...."
                          "You what?" She asked. Her eyebrows rose questioningly.
                          "I... wovou."
                          "What?"
                          I was sweating profusely now. My hands were shaking... that I clasped Jade's hands so tightly.
                          "Are you okay?" She said and tried to loosen my hands a bit.
                          I nodded and tried to say the words to her again. "I... lurrrreee vou."
                          "What are you trying to say? I don't understand." She stood up and removed her hands away from mine. "It's midnight already. Time for you to go, Eros. You still have to wake up early."
                          Dammit, why can't I say the words to her? I don't understand why it's so hard for me.
                          
                          "Jade, please. Listen to me. I have to tell you this. Now."
                          "I'm listening, what is it?"
                          I took my phone from my pant's pocket, desperately, and wrote the words I longed to tell her. Then, I handed my phone to her.
                          She read the words and looked at me. She was fully awake now.
                          "You love me?" She asked disbelievingly.
                          I nodded and smiled at her. "Yes. Truly, deeply and madly."
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and Share to your friends.***

Chapter Forty Four

Chapter Forty Four (Unedited)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlists here-
                          
                           "Love is a total giving of oneself to another" - sweetdreamer33
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          He loves me?
                          
                          I just continued staring at Eros. I didn't know if I was dreaming or imagining things. It was almost midnight and my head started to throb. I even wondered if I read the text in his phone right or everything was just a pigment of my imagination.
                          "Jade, stop torturing me. Say something." Eros' voice was deep and sensual, sending butterfiles in my tummy. Slowly, he came so close and held my eyes. His hand reached out and touched my cheek in a tantalising caress, making my body shivered with excitement.
                          My eyes went down and focused at the top button of his blue shirt. I instantly had an urge of opening it and explore his hard chest with my hands. I wondered how he would react if I planted a kiss at the base of his beautiful neck? A lurch of excitement was building within me. I bit my lower lip to control myself from doing such thing. 
                          "I love you so much, Jade. I'm sorry. I... I got so nervous that my tongue twisted. I... I've never said this to a woman before." He held my face, made me look at his eyes again.
                          "Jade, did you hear me?" 
                          My brain got fuzzy... I couldn't think straight. I had mixed emotions. I was overwhelmed with happiness, but, there were fear and guilt too. 
                          I moved a step backward and about to turn when Eros caught my waist before I could move farther away. My back was pressed on his chest and his arms were around my waist. His face was against the hollow of my neck that I could feel his uneven breathing on my cheek as he held me close.
                          I was instantly electrified. Delicious sensation ran all throughout my nerve endings. "Eros..."
                          "Jade... You don't have to answer me now if you don't want to. I'm not pressuring you. I just wanted to get this out of my chest - to tell you how much I love you." He whispered and softly kissed the sensitive area behind my neck. The sound of his voice affected me deeply.
                          "Eros... you can't love me... not now..." My hands touched his arms, which were around my waist.
                          "It's too late, sweetheart. I already do and I want to stay so in love with you, now and always."
                          "But there's something that you should know."
                          "Then we will talk about it - we can settle everything and start again."
                          "Eros... I'm afraid that you'll hate me when you'll find out..."
                          "No, Jade, I could never hate you... my love for you is so big... nothing in this world could make me hate you, sweetheart."
                          "Promise?"
                          "Yeah. Promise."
                          That made me sigh with relief. I couldn't bear it anymore. I twisted and turned my body towards him. I ran my hands up, from his chest to his neck and clung to him. Standing on tiptoe, I initiated the kiss at the side of his lips. 
                          He immediately reacted and held my head with his hand. He angled his mouth and gave me a sweet, tantalising kiss. He showered kisses around my lips and along my jaw before he smothered my lips with demanding mastery.  


I quivered. My feet seemed to be drifting along on a cloud. He smelled so good, like a combination of leather, musk and spice - purely masculine, powerful and clean. He tasted so heavenly - sweet... bitter... sweet... I couldn't really describe.  His lips were warm and moist and his tongue - so strong and wet that traced the soft fullness of my lips and explored the recesses of my mouth. 
                          His hands ran possessively to the soft lines of my back, my waist and my hips - like he was afraid that I would vanished. Instinctively, my body arched closer towards him and I caressed the strong tendons in the back of his neck.
                          He kissed me passionately, deeply and hungrily like there was no tomorrow - taking my breathe away. My heart lurched again and again and my knees buckled that I clung on him. 
                          "I... love... you." I said between parted lips.
                          Suddenly I felt him stiffened and stopped kissing me.
                          "What did you say?" Eros asked me. His eyes never leaving mine.
                          I looked back at him, then bit my lower lip. My mouth was burning with fire in the aftermath of our kiss.
                          "I... um..." I stammered. My face immediately felt hot. I knew I was blushing.
                          "You said you love me. Tell me again, sweetheart. Make me the happiest man alive." He held my face with his hands. His thumb caressing my cheek.
                          I nodded and hugged him so tightly.
                          "Oh Jade, I love you so much."
                          "I love you too, Eros. So much that it hurts." Tears immediately welled up in my eyes. I didn't know what I feel at that moment. I was overwhelmed with happiness that he loved me, but I was so scared too. What if...?
                          "Sweetheart, you made me so happy." He kissed me so hard and swooped me off my feet. Then he sat on the couch and brought me on his lap. He started kissing me again - my cheek, my lips and my neck. "Shh... don't cry, my love." He wiped the tears off my cheeks with his hand. "I don't want to see you cry. I feel sad whenever you're sad too."
                          "I'm just... um... happy."
                          "You don't know how happy I am right now, sweetheart. Knowing that you love me too, made me feel complete - you complete me, Jade." His lips curved in a smile and his eyes turned heavy.
                          "Oh Eros, That's what I feel towards you too." I touched his lower lip with my thumb, feeling his lips.
                          He playfully bit my thumb then kissed it well. "Even with my, not so good behaviour, sometimes?"
                          "Yeah. I love everything about you Eros. Your being a half human and half beast sometimes... that made you all man to me."
                          "Half human, half beast? Should I be flattered?" He chuckled. His hands were caressing my waist. "I'm glad that you accept me as I am. Yes, I have lots of faults and I know that it annoys you... sometimes. I'm not a perfect man but I will try to be one, for you, my love."
                          He kissed me again deeply and hungrily, then laid me on the couch. His lips seared a path down my neck and my shoulders. 
                          "Eros, when did you start loving me?" I raked his hair with my hands. 
                          "I don't exactly know when, but I think it started the moment I saw you." He was lying on the couch with me now. My head pillowed his right arm.
                          "Outside the coffee shop?"
                          "Yeah. When I met you, BOOM! I was instantly drawn into you, like I was hit by a tornado. Everything in you amazes me. Your beauty, uniqueness and strong personality. Even these beautiful emerald eyes of yours that kept on flashing at me angrily... damn, I instantly got lost staring at it. I love you so much, Jade."


"Hmm... and you have a funny way of showing it too. You tormented me on reporting to work at dawn - and remember the times you asked me to make your coffee before midnight? You made me suffer."
                          "I'm so sorry, sweetheart. I was a... stupid beast for doing that. I tried to deny my feelings for you, convincing myself that it was your coffee only that I loved - but I couldn't fight it anymore. My love for you grew stronger every single day. My life was disrupted always thinking of you. I couldn't function well, couldn't think well, and even couldn't breath. I need you in my life Jade, so badly. I'm lost without you now."
                          "Oh, Eros... I feel the same way." I snuggled in his arms, hugging him so tightly.
                          "Really?"
                          "Of course."
                          He sighed and swifted position on the couch. A hurt was visible on his face. "What about Joseph Nevin? Do you love him?"
                          I got confused all of the sudden. Joseph? "Yes. But as a brother... a friend."
                          "Are you sure?"
                          "Absolutely sure." I replied. "Are you jealous of Joseph?"
                          He frowned and looked so annoyed. 
                          "Eros, you don't have to be jealous of Joseph. I love you. Only you." My fingers raked his hair, playing it with my fingers. I loved the feel of his hair, so thick and smooth.
                          "You love me for my good side and bad side, right?"
                          "Of course."
                          He nodded and squeezed my hip. "What if I did something... bad... in the past. Will you forgive me?"
                          "Hmm... the past is past. What is important is now."
                          "Oh Jade... baby, sweetheart...I love you so much." He kissed me again and ran his hand from my leg to my thigh. "You won't get mad if I'll tell you something, right?"
                          "About what?"
                          "About this house."
                          "What about this house?"
                          He looked at me and smiled boyishly. He sat down on the couch and put my legs on his lap. "Your mom actually didn't win this house. I bought it to save you from commuting to work everyday. It really helped, right?"
                          I was really stunned. It took me awhile to grasp what he'd just said. What?He bought this house for me? I thought... oh God...
                          
                          I smiled back at him sarcastically then kicked his stomach forcefully with my feet that he was caught off guard and landed down on the floor. 
                          "Ouch... sweetie, that hurts!"
                          "Hmph! Serves you right. I hate you Mr. Petrakis. Goodnight!" I stood up and went to the main door, but he caught my ankle and pulled me down on the floor with him. Then, he was on top of me, pinning me with his body. "Get off me, you bastard." I wiggled and struggled to get free from him.
                          "No. You stay there until you calm down, you hot-tempered wildcat."
                          "How dare you bought this house. You made us believe that mom won this is in a raffle draw."
                          "I don't have a choice. I knew you wouldn't accept this house if I just offered it to you in a silver platter."
                          "Get off me, rich boy. I hate you."
                          "Don't call me rich boy. I don't like it."
                          "Huh, you called me hot-tempered wildcat first."
                          "Sweetheart, that's what you are. A beautiful gorgeous hot tempered wildcat that made me insanely in love with you."
                          "Ugh... get off me... you're so heavy." I pushed him so hard, but he was so strong, that I immediately gave up struggling.
                          "Okay, I'm sorry. I made a mistake. Please, forgive me Jade... I love you and I wanted you to live a comfortable life."
                          "Do you have a habit of buying houses for your lovers?"
                          "NO! Of course not. This is the first time that I bought a house for a girl... I mean, for you. And you're not even my lover."
                          "You wish."
                          "But we can remedy that." He grinned and gave me a malicious stare.
                          "OH! I hate you."
                          "No, you don't sweetheart."
                          "Hmp."
                          "What will I do to make you forgive me... perhaps, a convertible mercedes benz..."
                          "HA! And made my mom believe that she won it in a supermarket again?"
                          "Yeah, that's a good idea, sweetheart." He kissed my cheek and seared a path down to my neck. My body tingled with his kisses. I stopped struggling and pulled his hair lightly.
                          "You can't buy love, Eros. No amount of money could buy it."
                          "I know. I'm just kidding, sweetheart. Let's go to my house then. I promise, I'll make you pancake with whipped cream and strawberry syrup tomorrow morning." He was kissing my neck earnestly now. His breathing turned ragged.
                          "I don't think that's a good idea."
                          Eros and I froze. We immediately scrambled up from the floor hearing my mom's voice.

Chapter Forty Five

Chapter Forty Five (Unedited)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlists here-
                          
                          "You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." ― Dr. Seuss
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          I felt like a bad wolf who hunted a delicate prey when Jade's mother caught us on the floor. She probably thought that we were making passionate love in her living room - and on the floor.
                          
                          But I was not even slightly embarrassed. 
                          
                          Why should I? Jade is my girlfriend, my fiancee, my woman and very soon - my beloved wife and mother of our children. I love her and she loves me. That's what really matters to me - to us.
                          
                          Yes! Jade loves me. I still couldn't believe that a very amazing woman like her loved a brute like me. I wanted to shout to the whole world to let everyone knew that she was my girl and I was her man - that we were so much in love.
                          
                          "OH! Mom." Jade fixed her hair and dress with clumsy hands.
                          
                          "Jade, show Eros your room. Just, not here in the living room and on the floor, ok?" Mrs. Collins was looking at us with teasing eyes. 
                          
                          "Ah... um..." Jade stammered.
                          
                          "I'm sorry... " I said and was about to explain my caveman tactics towards her daughter when she cut off my statement.
                          
                          "No... don't be sorry, Eros. I also experienced being so much in love."
                          
                          "Thank you, Mrs. Collins." Was all I could ever say.
                          
                          "You're welcome. And I would appreciate it if you'll start calling me mom now. Very soon, you will be a family and my son in-law."
                          
                          I smiled and gave her a brief motherly hug. "Thank you for accepting me in your family, Mrs... I mean... mom. I promise you, I will take good care of Jade and her family, I mean, our family."
                          
                          "Thank you. I will leave you two, now." She turned and headed upstairs.
                          
                          "Goodnight, mom." Jade said and came into my arms. I hugged her so tightly and kissed her forehead.
                          
                          "By the way, Eros."  Jade's mom stopped and looked at me. "Thanks for the house."
                          
                          Oh man, she heard us.
                          
                          ___
                          
                          "You heard your mom, let's go to your room." I whispered on Jade's ear, as soon as we were alone again.
                          
                          "In your dreams."
                          
                          "You're right, it's always in my dreams - you and me... on bed... naked and... making wild passionate love." 



                          "Eros... let's just wait."
                          
                          "I can't wait." I groaned, kissing her lips and seared a path down to her neck and the sensitive area below her ear. I bit her earlobe playfully, exerting a slight pressure that made her moaned with pleasure.
                          
                          "It's only three weeks before the wedding." She whispered.
                          
                          "Three weeks is eternity, my love. Let me make love to you now."
                          
                          "Shh... will you keep your voice down." She whispered and clamped my mouth with her small hand. "You have to go now. Remember, it's Tuesday tomorrow. Your kickboxing friends will be coming over, early morning."
                          
                          I held her hand and kissed her palm... then her wrist. "Nah... they will understand. You are my priority now." My mouth covered hers, giving her a slow drugging kiss.
                          
                          "Let's go to your room, baby. Your mom will come down again and..."
                          
                          "NO.  I know and you know what will happen if we go to my room."
                          
                          "Then, let it happen."
                          
                          "Eros... will you stop. I said no."
                          
                          "Okay, fine. Whatever you say, my love." I replied and dragged her to the kitchen. 
                          
                          "Why are we going to the kitchen?"
                          
                          "So I could kiss you properly, before I'll go. We need a little privacy, sweetheart."
                          
                          "In the kitchen?"
                          
                          "Your choice. In the kitchen or in the bathroom?"
                          
                          "Oh God, Eros. You are a bad bad boy."
                          
                          "Yeah, I am. And accept it, baby, you love me for what I am."
                          
                          I pulled her roughly in my arms, almost violently then covered her mouth, kissing her hungrily. I felt her soft breasts crushed against the hardness of my chest. 
                          
                          I parted her lips open with my thrusting tongue - tasting her sweetness, like a divine ecstasy. She was so responsive and succumbed to the forceful domination of my lips.  "I love you so much, Jade." I said between kisses and planted tantalising kisses in the hollow of her neck.  
                          
                          She drew my face to hers in a renewed embrace. "I love you too, Eros." She smiled and kissed my lips. She put her arms around my neck, tightening her hold.
                          
                          My hands explored the soft lines of her back, her waist and her hips - while she caressed my chest and ran her hands to the length of my back. We stayed like that for a while... kissing, caressing and whispering sweet words to each other.
                          
                          Just as the clock stroke at midnight, I left Jade's house.
                          



                          The following day***
                          
                          "Slowly, baby... good girl. Now, switch gear." 
                          
                          "Like this?" Jade asked, driving her new convertible Mercedes Benz.
                          
                          "Yes, honey. You're doing great. I'm so proud of you." I kissed her cheek and squeezed her thigh.
                          
                          She instantly stomped the accelerator so hard that the car moved so fast.
                          
                          "Shit, slow down!" I shouted at her.
                          
                          "I can't!"  She yelled back at me.
                          
                          "Dammit! Step on the brake. Fuck! I said step on the brake!"
                          
                          I pulled the handbrake and the car stopped - abruptly before we hit a tree. "What is wrong with you? Why didn't you step on the brake? That is so stupid!"
                          
                          Jade's eyes looked so murderous. "So, you're calling me stupid now, hmp. I told you I don't want to learn how to drive! This scares the hell out of me. But you insisted! Buying me this car and teaching me how to drive. You know what, you are still the same... overlord, controlling, manipulative jerk." 
                          
                          Oh God... I made her so upset now. What the hell? I forgot... I shouted at her. I panicked. Oh God, she gave me a fright.
                          
                          "Baby, I'm sorry... shh... shh... I love you, honey... of course you're not stupid. I was referring to the car." I kissed her lips to silent her.
                          
                          "Really? You're making excuses again, rich boy."
                          
                          "Jade." I glared at her. She knew I hated it when she called me rich boy. And she enjoyed teasing me.
                          
                          "And don't touch my... thigh..." She said looking down. "What do you expect! I lost my concentration. You almost touch my... ugh!"
                          
                          "OH!" I chuckled. "Really?" 
                          
                          She nodded and rolled her eyes. 
                          
                          Okay. So it was my fault.
                          
                          --
                          
                          I took Jade to dinner almost every night in fancy restaurants in New York. Sometimes we ate in Mcdonalds or dim sum restaurants. We even watched a tearjecker movie, Faults In Our Stars, from her favorite book author, John Green. I just cuddled her and kissed her inside the movie house. I enjoyed being with her and seeing her happy made me happy too. 
                          
                          I love Jade, and everything about her. Yes, she's the most beautiful girl I've ever seen... in my whole life... and also so amazing. She totally, absolutely and definitely completes me.
                          
                          I also took her to a UFC fight. She was obviously not enjoying it. She squirmed on her seat when the fight became so brutal and bloody. We didn't finish it and immediately - I took her to an amusement park - where we rode a carousel and a ferris wheel - we bought cotton candy, popcorn and corn dogs. We had a good time. She laughed more often and shared jokes with me. 



                          That night, Jade showed me her room. It was very simple and feminine room. The color lilac, pink and white dominated the room. She had a floral curtain and pictures of roses and quotes on the walls. On top of her bedside table was an alarm clock and an espresso cup - a replica of mine, the one she gave me last christmas, but in chocolate brown color.
                          
                          "You have the same cup."
                          
                          "Yeah. It's a reminder."
                          
                          "A reminder? Of what?" I laid down on her bed and smelled her bedsheets and her pillows. The smell of Jade lingered on it and in my nose. I felt like I was transported to heaven. She smelled so good-so cool, fresh and jasmin flower.
                          
                          "Hmm... a lot of things... about you, of course." She replied.
                          
                          I chuckled, enjoying the feel of her bed, the ambience of her room and the heavenly smell of Jade. It felt so good like coming home - yeah, for me, she was home.
                          
                          She was sitting on a chair infront of her vanity table, looking at a mirror, then removing her contact lens.
                          
                          "Jade, my aunt Claudia had a laser eye surgery two years ago. If you like, we can set an appointment with the surgeon and inquire about it. Of course, it would be your decision... I'm just suggesting, baby."
                          
                          "Yeah, I think I'll do that. Maybe, after the wedding?"
                          
                          "No way, my love... definitely, after the honeymoon." I gave her a teasing smile. "Come here." I said and patted the bed.
                          
                          "Eros, we only have three days before the wedding."
                          
                          "You have a very dirty mind, my love. I just want to kiss you."  I smiled and enjoyed seeing her blush. 
                          
                          ***VOTE, COMMENT AND SHARE***
                          --- Exclusive Interview with Eros Petrakis ----
                          
                          Tell me about yourself, Mr. Petrakis?
                          - [Frowning] What is this? An interview for a job or for a newspaper?
                          
                          What is your favorite Color?
                          - Black, blue and white
                          
                           What is your biggest secret?
                           - Seriously? Do you think I will answer that?
                          
                           What were your first thoughts when you saw Jade Collins?
                           - I thought this is a wholesome publication. Do you want me to answer truthfully?
                          
                           What do you love most about Jade Collins?
                           - Everything. She completes me.
                          
                           What present would you put beneath the Christmas tree for Jade?
                           - Keys. For a new car... and a new house - our new house.
                          
                           In your opinion, what is Jade's best body part?
                           - [Groaning] Are you sure this is not for Playboy's magazine?
                          
                           What is Jade's worst habit?
                           - [Smiling] Twisting her fingers. I find it so cute.
                          
                           What dress do you prefer for Jade to wear in a date?
                           - [Wicked grin] I have a feeling that this is not for a newspaper.
                          
                          Are you excited for you upcoming wedding?
                          - [Smiling] Very excited. I can't wait.
                          
                           Who is your favorite Superhero?
                           - Hmm... Iron man. A lot of my friends said that I'm like Tony Stark.
                          
                           What is your favorite movie?
                           - Lord of the Rings. I've read the book series and watched the movies.
                          
                          What is the baddest thing you did in school?
                          - I don't know... got into fights?
                          
                          What is your worst habit?
                          - Don't you have better questions to ask? I have a company to run, you are wasting my time.
                          
                           What can you say about Joseph Nevin?
                           - [Frowning] The guy is irrelevant. Don't mention his name again or I'll walk out.
                          

Chapter Forty Six

Chapter Forty Six (Unedited)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlists here-
                          
                          "No matter what has happened. No matter what you've done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you. I swear it." --Defiance by C.J. Redwine
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "I'm sorry Eros, I don't know how to explain this to you without you getting mad at me." I leaned my head on his chest and hugged him so tightly. "I'm afraid you won't ever forgive me. But I have to tell you now, I have to take the risk... " I listened to his heartbeat and to his even breathing, it was like music in my ears. I touched his abdomen and caressed it lightly, but he didn't stir. I looked at him and realized that he was already sleeping. 
                          I checked the time in my alarm clock, it was already two a.m. We spent hours talking about our family, friends, experiences, things we like and dislike, movies, silly jokes and pick-up lines. Eros loved to joke and tease me all the time. He loved seeing me laugh.
                          I slowly moved out of my bed, careful not to wake him up and headed to the bathroom. I took care of my personal hygiene and changed my jeans and blouse into my favorite pyjamas. Then slowly, crawled back to bed and hugged Eros. 
                          I couldn't believe that Eros loved me and he was actually here, lying beside me on my bed - sleeping.  The man who was overlordly ruthless, controlling and manipulative. Who thought himself as God and the supreme being. He was hated by many, especially by his collegues... they thought he was evil, the encarnated lucifer and even a member of illuminati society. Many weird and bad rumors were spreading about him - and kept on spreading like a disease. 
                          But deep in my heart, I knew Eros too well. He was not the man people thought he was. He was a very compassionate man.  The way he acted was part of his upbringing as being a Petrakis, who ruled a business empire and relied by thousands of employees all over the globe. He had to be tough and ruthless in order to make a decision - to be fair to everyone.
                          I hugged him tightly and planted a soft kiss at the side of his lips, before laying my head on his shoulder. I loved him... and the thought of losing him was so painful already.
                          Last night, he insisted again that we already met in the bar. A full description of what I wore, what my hair was like, what  I talked about, my expressions and how I danced sensuously on the dance floor. 
                          Again, for the nth time, I LIED.
                          I realized that I should tell him the truth - before our wedding. No matter what the outcome would be, I should accept it. I groaned. I have only two days left to tell him. Later, I should tell him... later... I yawned and fell asleep in his arms.
                          I woke up with the smell of soap and toothpaste. I opened my eyes slowly and saw Eros looming over me, freshly showered - his hair was still so wet and he was almost naked, with only a small towel wrapped around his waist. 
                          "Wake up, sleepyhead." He chuckled and instantly clamped my lips with an open kiss.
                          I was caught off guard. My eyes opened wide. Then in an instinct, I pushed him away with all my strength, using my hands, arms and knees. I sat on bed the moment he was off me.
                          He was off- balanced but instantly recovered before he fell off the floor. The towel around his waist loosened. He was not fast enough to catch his towel before it fell on the floor.
                          I was shocked! My eyes really opened so wide, seeing him in all his glory... naked in front of me. Oh my God! He was so... so...  gorgeous and HUGE!


I couldn't take my eyes off his... My goodness! My head was calling all the saints to forgive me. I noticed the familiar brown birthmark at the right side of his lower abdomen.
                          "Jade!" Eros got the towel on the floor and wrapped it around his waist. His face and body turned red. He was embarrassed and mad.
                          "I'm sorry... I.. I..." I stammered then trying my best not to laugh. I covered my mouth with my hands to prevent from giggling and laughing out loud.
                          "What is wrong with you? You're shoving me away." He gritted his teeth. His hands were on his waist now.
                          "Shh, keep your voice down... I'm sorry... you caught me off guard. I haven't brush my teeth yet and you're kissing me like that."
                          He snorted and shook his head. "Just because of that, you're struggling and kicking me away?"
                          "I'm sorry, Eros. I just want to smell so good and fresh when you kiss me."
                          He moved closer towards me then sat on the bed. "Come here." He said and pulled me in his arms. I was sitting on his lap now, feeling the evidence of his arousal pressed at the back of my thigh. God knows, how I tried to ignore it.
                          "Jade, you smell so good to me,  I love your natural scent, totally a woman - my woman." He said softly then buried his face in my neck. "Hmm..." He kissed my neck and seared a path down to my breasts.
                          He was unbuttoning my pyjama top when I stopped him and moved out of his lap. I walked towards the bathroom. "Eros... I want to go to Georgia today."
                          "To Georgia? What for? Your grandmother and aunt Anna already arrived last night."
                          I nodded at Eros. He was right. He even pampered Grandma and Aunt Anna, made them stay at New York's most luxurious hotel - all expenses paid by him. "I... I want to visit... someone."
                          "Who?" He asked sharply.
                          "A... a relative. Someone... so dear to me."
                          "OH. You forgot to mention you have other relative in Georgia."
                          "I... um, yeah, I forgot. I'll be leaving this morning... I have to take a bath now, I need to catch the  eight a.m. bus."
                          Eros stood up and came nearer to me again. "Honey, I'll take you to Georgia. I wont allow you to take a bus on your own. Wherever you go, I'll go with you and that applies on me too. You'll come with me whenever I'll go abroad or anywhere, in business or pleasure, okay?"
                          I nodded and smiled at him. "We have to get moving now."
                          "Of course. We'll take the helicopter. But first, let me kiss you... properly, baby." He pulled me in his arms and kissed me deeply and passionately.
                          Eros' POV
                          Jade was so silent. She was so edgy and nervous. Her fragile hands were so cold. She was used riding a helicopter already. I wondered what caused her anxitety.
                          "Are you okay? You look so tense."
                          She just nodded and forcibly smiled at me. "I'm fine."
                          I smiled back at her and pulled her in my arms. Pre-wedding jitters.
                          She probably had pre-wedding jitters right now. I experienced it too - because of excitement. I couldn't wait to marry Jade and have her with me all the time. It was like a new beginning, a start of a new book with no endings - a new life. Me, Jade and our kids. 
                          If possible, I would love to have a son as the eldest - an heir to the Petrakis fortune. Who would run the Petrakis business empire after me. He would be more tougher and stronger and get all the best business training and education, like how my parents molded me. 
                          Of course, I would love to have a daughter too who would look exactly like her mom, Jade. I smiled at the thought, a miniature of Jade running inside the house, jumping up and down, laughing and greeting me happily everytime I come home from work.  I felt so excited at the thought of starting a new family with Jade. I loved her, I truly love her. I couldn't imagine life without her anymore.
                          The moment we arrived Georgia, a car was waiting for us to take us to our destination. But Jade insisted to take a cab intead. I didn't want to argue with her. I didn't care if we would take a horse, a bicycle or just walk to reach our destination, as long as we were together.
                          We took a cab and Jade instructed the driver. It was a thirty minutes drive when the cab finally entered inside a middle class subdivision in West Augusta.
                          "Your relative lives here?" I asked Jade who was twisting her fingers intensely. She looked really edgy. The expression on her face was unreadable, like she was scared, nervous... then suddenly it brightened like she was very excited.
                          The car stopped outside a small white cottage with a small garden of flowers and bermuda grass upfront. The house was surrounded with white wood fence.
                          I paid the bill and we went out of the cab.
                          I was surprised when Jade didn't go to the house but chose to sit on a long bench across it. Maybe she was tired after the long trip. I followed her and sat beside her on the bench. There were big trees that shaded the bench and it was cool. The air was even fresh and smelled so good.
                          "Aren't we going inside?" I asked her when ten minutes had passed.
                          "No." She said and continued staring at the house. She looked like she was waiting... waiting for something or someone. I looked at my watch, it was ten thirty in the morning already.
                          I wanted to ask her why we were not going inside or what were we waiting, when the cottage door suddenly opened and a middle-aged man in brown race, came out of the house. He was carrying a small plastic ball with him. 
                          The door opened again and a brown raced woman came out carrying a boy, who was probably three or four years old. He was wearing blue shirt and brown shorts. 
                          Are they really the boy's parents? The boy looked different from them because he was a caucasian with brown black hair.
                          I looked at Jade again and was surprised to see her expression. She looked so happy - yes, absolutely happy. She was smiling but with tears flowing down on her cheeks. 
                          What's going on?
                          I looked at the people outside the house again. The family looked so happy. The boy was running towards his father to get the ball, jumping up and down.
                          The boy. He reminded me of someone. I was so certain that I've seen him before. I just couldn't figure out where and when.
                          Brown black hair. That same eyes - that looked like gray from where I was sitting and his skin...
                          I saw him before. In pictures. In videos...
                          Oh my God! The boy reminded me of myself when I was young! He looked just like me when I was his age.
                          My heart was racing so fast. I had an ill feeling inside my gut that I couldn't explain and I felt my skin tightened at the back of my neck. I had goosebumps and I started sweating profusely.
                          I looked at Jade and saw her looking at me already. "You know them? That boy... you know the boy?" 
                          She nodded. "Yes. He is Zion."
                          "Zion?" I was confused. "You are related to him?"
                          She fell silent and avoided my eyes, twisting her fingers again. Then she looked at me with tears flowing down in her eyes. "I'm sorry Eros... I'm so sorry..."
                          "Jade, what's wrong? Tell me." I held her face with both hands.
                          "Zion... Zion is our son."
                          
                          ***Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your friends.***

Chapter Forty Seven

Chapter Forty Seven (Unedited)
                          
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlists here-
                          
                          "I want to wet your lips, tantalize your tongue; elevate your heart rate and make your veins hum. Burn like fire inside you as you swallow me down. Drink me - drink deeply, my love. Intoxicate yourself with my presense; imbibe my essence. I want to make you so very dizzy; stumble-footed room spinningly drunk on love."  - Drink Me by John Mark Green
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          ***Flashback
                          
                          "Hi, what's your name?"
                          Not again. I ignored the guy who sat beside me in the bar counter and sipped on my gin. I had enough of men asking my name. They were like bees, coming to me agressively.  Either offering to buy me a drink or asking me to dance. I knew what they really wanted - to take me to bed.
                          I looked down at the skimpy red dress and red stilettos I was wearing. It belonged to Liv, the girl who was with me that evening. She became my instant best friend when I met her at a friend's party a week ago. She was bubbly, full of energy, a bit wild and loved to party all the time. She didn't have worries, problems and any hang ups in life. She had freedom -   freedom to do whatever she wanted.
                          Liv was the person I needed at that time. It had been three weeks since dad died and I was so miserable. The pain of losing him really tore me apart. Liv saved me from losing my sanity. She helped me forget all my problems and lessen the pain I was carrying. 
                          When dad died, Mom and Sapphire were very miserable. They were crying non-stop and really grieved intensely. They didn't eat and sleep well and I was afraid that they would get sick also, like dad. I comforted them and took care of their needs. I appeared to be strong when I was with them, so they wouldn't be too weak and think about dying too. 
                          Instead of grieving, I became so busy, preparing the wake, the funeral - and talked to visiting relatives, friends and collegues of my dad. I became numb at that moment. I forgot to grieve anymore. I didn't even shed a tear. There was no one to comfort me... no one to listen to my pain... and no one to make me feel better.
                           It was almost three weeks when Mom and Sapphire stopped crying all the time. I was relieved that slowly, they functioned normally again. I became so worried of them that I forgot to take care of my own needs too. Mom began attending bible studies and was looking for a caregiver job. It didn't take too long for her to find a new job. Her friend helped her.
                          Sapphire also recovered slowly. She became very busy with her projects in school. She joined several cosplay contests and won most of the time. She enjoyed being with her otaku friends. She was with them every weekend. They helped her to recuperate and start moving on in life after losing dad.
                          What about me? No one helped me ease my pain. Unfortuately, my best friend since grade school,  Kathryn, already moved with her family to the Philippines.
                          And of course, Joseph. Who used to listen to all my worries and problems, also left me. Oh Joseph... where were you when I needed you most.
                          
                          I heaved a frustrated sigh and swallowed the remaining content of my gin and tonic. The bitterness made me wince, but I loved it. 
                          Yes, I fell in love with gin and tonic. Ever since Liv introduced the drink to me, it kept me company everynight. It became my medicine, my companion, my haven and my remedy. It helped me erase the pain I was experiencing - ease the grieving which I started too late...


 I grieved only at the time when my Mom and Sapphire started to recover. I didn't know why, but it just suddenly happened. I was in the bus going home when I burst out crying. Everyone in the bus wondered what happened. Even the driver stopped the bus.
                          "What happened?" Several passengers asked me.
                          "I lost my dad, my dad died!" I was crying so loud and became hysterical. Like I just received the news that my dad was already gone. I couldn't accept it... wouldn't accept it. I realized that I was not only dreaming - that my dad was actually dead. 
                          It took awhile for me to calm down. Some people in the bus were sympathetic, others complained of being late for work and their appointments. So fortunate that a social worker was in the bus and she comforted me. I poured all my tears to her.
                          That day, I spent it with my dad, in the cemetery. And that evening, I went to a friend's party, where I met Liv. Since then, I started drinking gin.
                          "Another one of this please." I said to the bartender.
                          "Sure, miss." The bartender winked and prepared the gin, and put it in front of me.
                          I took the glass and about to sip it when someone asked me.
                          "What time is it?"
                          I jolted. The authoritative voice made me leap in surprise. Without thinking, I abruptly turned my wrist inward to check the time on my wristwatch.
                          "Aaaah!" Shit. I spilled my drink on my dress. 
                          I looked at the guy who was sitting beside me. Giving him an angry stare.
                          "Oops, not my fault, lady." The guy replied. He was younger that I thought, probably a few years older than me. He had a long black-brown hair and an overgrown beard, that reminded me of Tom Cruise' in The Last Samurai.
                          "I spilled my drink because you asked for the time. You're even wearing a watch." I took a tissue paper on the counter and wiped my dress and my legs.
                          He asked some tissue paper from the bartender and then, gave it to me. I was surprised when he ordered ten glasses of gin and tonic - and the bartender put it infront of me.
                          "Are you trying to get me drunk?"
                          "Why, isn't that what you want?" The long-haired guy smirked.
                          "No... Yes. But this is just too many. You're wasting your money. I can't drink all of these."
                          "Don't worry, I'll help." 
                          "Okay... we'll drink together." I was relieved, then piled the glasses horizontally between us.
                          "Cool." He took a glass of gin. "What's your name?"
                          There it goes again, asking my name. He probably thinks I'll give it to him after buying me ten glasses of gin. Well, he is so wrong.
                          "Hmm... you can call me anything." I shrugged my shoulders.
                          "Oh, that's an unusual name. Anything. Never heard of such name before."
                          "That's not funny... I mean you can call me any names." I answered stubbornly.
                          "So, you won't tell me your name. Why is that? Are you wanted by the FBI? Did you steal something?" 
                          What? I'd never stolen anything in my entire life! "It's not funny."
                          He chuckled then said. "Okay, I'll call you Red."
                          "Red?" My lips twisted in irritation. I hated being called Red. The mean girls in grade school called me Red, and then laughed at me.


"Yeah, because you're a lady in red. Red dress, red stilettos and red hair."
                          I looked at the skimpy dress and stilletos I was wearing with distaste. I regretted agreeing with Liv in wearing this too sexy outfit and to her idea that we should look like  femme fatales that evening. I told her I just wanted to drink and dance.
                          "It's ginger... I mean my hair is ginger red." I shoved a lock of my hair off my shoulder.
                          "Ginger.... That suits you, I'll call you Ginger."
                          Ginger. Only Joseph called me Ginger. I missed him so badly right now and my heart was really aching for him. Where are you when I needed you most?
                          
                          I looked at the guy closely. He was wearing worn out jeans, black shirt and brown leather jacket. I realized he was a very handsome guy and looked harmless. I didn't know what came over me, but he suddenly reminded me of Joseph at that moment.
                          "Yeah, Ginger... I like that." I smiled back at him. "And what's your name?"
                          "Nice try. I won't tell you my real name." He sipped his gin and grinned. "You can call me anything you want too." 
                          "Okay... um... I'll call you... Joseph." I said shyly.
                          "Joseph? That's too far from my real time" He paused, thinking. "But...  yeah, that's fine with me."
                          "So how's Southern Africa?" I asked the guy, still pretending he was Joseph, my Joseph.
                          "Huh? How did you know I've been to Southern Africa?"
                          "Um, just a guess."
                          "Okaaayyyy... it was great. My family and I had a vacation at Botswana. I think that was five or six years ago. We had fun in safari camps in the Moremi Game Reserve..."
                          We started drinking the ten glasses of gin infront of us. The minutes turned to hours as the glasses of gin kept on emptying.  We started talking, laughing, teasing, touching... dancing... then touching again... and I didn't know who started it, but we were instantly kissing. 
                          I was drunk and I was clinging on him with weak arms. I knew I would fall on the floor once he removed his arms around me. All the time, he was running sweet kisses on my cheek, my jaw, my neck and down to my cleavage. It built delicious sensation all throughout my body.
                          "Ginger, where's your friend? It's late."
                          "I don't... know..." My voice slurred. I didn't really care where Liv was. I just wanted to be with him. My Joseph.
                          "I'll take you home. You're drunk."
                          "I'm not. I only drank three glasses." I looked at him with puppy eyes. "Joseph, I love you, please... don't leave me."
                          "Sweetheart, I hate to say this, but you don't say you love a guy the very first time you meet him." He hiccupped.
                          "Why are you like that. You don't believe that I love you. I'm a grown up woman now." I suddenly felt so sad that I started to cry.
                          "Shh... sweetheart. Don't cry. Of course you're a grown up woman." He reclaimed my lips, kissing me with fervor, running his hands from my waist, to my hips, down to my thighs. "Come on, it's time to go home."
                          "No. I don't want to go home. I want to be with you." I begged, then initiated kissing him on his lips. "Kiss me more... please."
                          "Are  you sure?" He asked, seeking for confirmation.
                          "Yes... please."
                          *** WARNING *** WARNING *** WARNING ***
                          *** Below is for MATURE READERS ONLY or 18 years old and above ***
                          ***Enter at your own risk, this is STRICTLY FOR ADULTS ONLY***
                          
                          
                          He obeyed and kissed me hungrily, thrusting his tongue inside my mouth. Licking and tasting. He kissed my throat again with intensity, pressing his erection on my stomach. "Dammit, you're so beautiful." He murmured. "I want you, so badly now. Tell me you want me too, Ginger."
                          It was so hard to register what he meant. My whole body was burning up, like flame. I wanted him to continue what he was doing on my body. I was intoxicated with his smell, his touch, his kisses... 
                          "Yes, I want you... Oh... don't stop..."
                          I couldn't recall how we ended up in a room at the top floor of the bar.  Either he dragged me, or carried me. All I remembered was - we were kissing passionately. I didn't even noticed that he already took off my clothes. How did he do that?
                          I grasped when he removed my bra and covered my breasts with his hands. I turned away from him but he was so fast. He encircled my waist with his arm and pressed my back on his chest. 
                          "Relax." He whispered softly. His voice was deep-velvet edge and very sensual. 
                          I relaxed and leaned my back on him. Then he was kissing my neck, licking the sensitive area behind my ear. I let out a soft moan as his hands covered my breasts again, massaging and rolling my swollen nipples with his fingers. I squirmed with the pleasure of his touch and bit my lower lip to prevent myself from moaning out loud.
                          He tilted my head up with one hand and kissed me druggingly and deeply. Oh my goodness. Then, In one fluid motion, he turned me towards him, pulled me up in his arms, and suckled my breast, then the other. I was so shocked. The sensation was so delicious that my body trembled. My heart was beating wildly and my pulse rate was racing foolishly.
                          He laid me down on the bed and kissed every inch of my body, ravishly, like a starving man. I squirmed and cried with pleasure when his lips touched the core of my desire. My body tingled and quivered wildly as he continued to tease me mercilessly - that brought me to the edge time and again.
                          He took off his clothes and got something in his wallet. Then he came back to bed, totally naked. I diverted my eyes away from him, feeling embarrassed.
                          Then he kissed me again and slowly spread my legs. He positioned his hips and his hardness met my softness with much passion. In one thrust, he entered inside me.
                          I cried at the sudden burning pain. He stopped and frowned at me. "You're a virgin."
                          I nodded. "Please don't ever stop."
                          He groaned like he was in pain. Then he started to move, pushing inside me, so slick, hard and strong.
                          
                          ****
                          I woke up at dawn, feeling disoriented. I had a terrible headache and my eyes were sore. I forgot, I slept with my contact lenses on. 
                          I looked around the room. My goodness, where am I? 
                          
                          I immediately sat down and realized that I was naked. Oh my God! What happened? I suddenly panicked - terror suddenly overwhelmed me.
                          Then I felt someone moved beside me. My eyes shifted to the man sleeping on the bed - the man I met in the bar last night. Joseph? 
                          
                          NO. He is not Joseph... he is a stranger. My God, I slept with a stranger last night.
                          I got scared and embarrassed. I felt dirty and soiled. What have I done?
                          
                          My first instinct was to run and hide at that moment... and I did.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your friends***

Chapter Forty Eight

Chapter Forty Eight (Unedited)
                          
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlists here-
                          
                          They say love is blind. I disagree.
                          Infatuation is blind. LOVE is all-seeing and accepting.
                          
                          LOVE is seeing all the flaws and blemishes, and accepting them.
                          LOVE is accepting the bad habits and mannerisms, and working around them.
                          LOVE is recognizing all the fears and insecurities, and knowing your role is to comfort.
                          LOVE is working through all the challenges and painful times.
                          
                          Infatuation is fragile and will shatter when life is not perfect.
                          LOVE is STRONG and it strengthens because it is REAL. 
                             --found in ilovemylsi.com, Pinterest
                          
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          
                          "Zion? Our son?"My eyebrows slightly furrowed. 
                          What the hell is she talking about? I was confused - really confused. I wondered if I heard her right. Did she say,we have a son?
                          
                          I continued staring at Jade, I was puzzled by her statement. My hands tightened on her arms - not letting her go until she confirmed what she just said.
                          She nodded. Tears flooded in her eyes and flowed down on her cheeks. "I'm sorry Eros for lying. I... I got scared that you'll hate me once you'll find out that I'm Ginger... and we have a... a son."
                          My eyes widened with disbelief. I couldn't understand what I felt at that moment. I was so shocked like I was struck with bolts of lightning.
                          Yes, since I saw her transformation on our engagement night - without her dark-rimmed eyeglasses, black wig and vintage clothes, I knew she was Ginger. I kept on asking her and teasing her about it but she wouldn't admit. And now that she finally admitted I was not surprised anymore. BUT, the revelation that we have a son - that was something that blew my mind away!
                          I let go of her arms and immediately stood up. I looked at the young boy across the street - outside the small cottage, playing with a dog, a black labrador retriever, that was twice his size.
                          My son?! That boy is my son?
                          
                          I still found it so hard to believe that I was looking at my son!  My own flesh and blood. 
                          I couldn't understand... my brain refused to function... everything wouldn't register. I shook my head, trying to organize my jumbled thoughts.
                          My eyes shifted back to Jade. She was crying with her head bent. She was twisting her fingers again. Her habit when she was anxious. I used to find it so cute, but right now - it annoyed me. 
                          "We have a son? How did that happen?"
                          She suddenly looked at me with a puzzled expression. "You don't remember? You slept with me that night, after we met in the bar."


I twisted my lips. "Of course I remember. But I'm very cautious. I used a protection." I raked a hand through my hair - trying so hard to control my temper.
                          She continued staring at me with a hurt that was visible in her eyes. "You're the only man I slept with, in my entire life."
                          The thought of her on bed with another man - past, present or future was upsetting me. I would probably hunt each and everyone of them and ripped their throats.
                          "I know you're a very decent woman, Jade. There's no question about that. It's just that..." I shook my head and gritted my teeth. I clenched tightly my trembling hands. "For God's sake, why didn't you tell me that we have a son!" 
                          
                          All this time, I have a son and she hid it from me. I don't understand what her motives are, maybe she wanted to hurt me, or make me suffer. For what? She wanted that thing to happen as much as I did!
                          
                          "I didn't know who you were back then." Her voice trembled. "I didn't even get your real name..."
                          "Yeah because YOU pretended that I was Joseph Nevin that night." There, I said it. I was really hurt. I felt like she used me. 
                          "What?"
                          I couldn't hide my anger any longer that I snapped at her. I didn't care anymore if she was hurt. "You were imagining him when I was kissing you, touching you and making mindblowing sex with you."
                          "No... Eros, you're wrong..."
                          "Am I? You know it's the truth, Jade, so stop lying!"
                          She was silent for a while. Just looking at me with horror in her eyes. Then she confirmed it - and that hurt me to the core. "I... I guess you're right. I'm sorry. I... I was young and got infatuated with Jo..."
                          "Enough. Don't you dare utter his name. Ever." Dammit. She was thinking of another man when we made love that night - and to think that she conceived our SON. 
                          I was full of rage and jealousy - If possible, I wanted to erase him totally out of her mind. The thought of her thinking about him made me crazy with jealousy.
                          She frowned but slightly nodded her head obediently like a small girl.
                          I looked at the boy again. My boy - Zion. 
                          
                          He was a miniature of me. Exactly like me when I was his age. The Petrakis genes were so evident in his physical features - brown-black hair, gray eyes and bronze-colored skin complexion.
                          Zion kicked a plastic ball and hit the dog's face. The dog barked and suddenly looked aggressive. I had a sudden urge to go and protect Zion from the beast, but the middle-aged man scoped Zion in his arms, cuddled and put him on his neck. Zion laughed happily.
                          I was envious of the man. Zion was so attached to him and they looked so happy together. What the hell! I should be the one playing, cuddling and laughing with my son. He's my son. He belongs with us. HE. IS. A. PETRAKIS!  
                          My heart ached, like I was stabbed with a knife. It pierced so deeply. I didn't know what I felt at that moment. I had mixed emotions. My world suddenly fell apart.
                          I didn't cry anymore... I stopped crying when I reached puberty. But at that moment, I wanted to cry out so loud, to let go of my anger - the pain and frustrations. I felt like I was stolen with something very valuable, PRICELESS, that I couldn't live without - a part of my life... NO. Not just a part, but my whole life.


"Why, Jade?" I asked her again, this time, slowly and calmly. "Why didn't you tell me?"
                          "I told you I didn't know who you were. I... I just realized that you were the guy I met in the bar when... when... I...."
                          "When what? Tell me before I'll lost my sanity."
                          "When I broke the cup - the fake Ming Dynasty cup."
                          "What? For God's sake, that was two years ago!" 
                          "I'm sorry." She twisted her fingers again then looked at me. "I... I had a feeling it was you when I first met you, but I tried to deny it. I only confirmed it when I saw your, um... birthmark - on you lower abdomen."
                          "Is that the reason why you refused to work for me again?"
                          "Partly yes. You were ruthless. I got scared too. What if you will know the real me. What if you will know about Zion." She rubbed her temple and looked at me with tired eyes. "But you wouldn't let me go. You never stopped. You even threatened to send me to prison."
                          I heaved a frustrated sigh. Prison? No way. The only prison cell that I could think of, for her at that time was my penthouse' luxurious master's bedroom. 
                          I looked at Zion, who was still playing with his plastic ball - kicking it. The dog was tagging behind him.
                          "What happened? Why did you give him up for adoption?" My hands trembled again with rage but still trying to calm my voice. She had to tell me the truth and gave me a valid reason why she couldn't take care of our kid.
                          "I didn't have a choice. I was too young when I had Zion... only eighteen. I even sufferred depression for more than a year. I cried a lot everynight, grieving for my dad and so worried that I got pregnant. I was scared. I didn't know who you were. Mom was so mad at me for being so irresponsible. She kept on asking who I slept with, but I couldn't answer her. I was so down and disappointed of myself." She sighed heavily and continued. "Mom sent me to the convent with my aunt Annie and grandma. They helped me recover my depression and coped up with my pregnancy."
                          Oh God. Hearing what she went through made my heart bled. I felt responsible of her miseries. She suffered, alone, the consequence of our action that night.
                          "I went back to the bar the following night - and almost every night. I was looking for you. When I couldn't find you, I hired a private investigator to help me. But, we never succeeded. No one knew you and  your friend."
                          "It was our first time going there. Besides, my friend Liv was homosexual. He only dressed up as a woman during the night."
                          "What do you mean was?"
                          "Liv died a week after I met you."
                          "What?"
                          "Liv was missing for days. His body was found in the forest. He was killed because the man he dated thought that he was a real woman."
                          "Oh God. And that added to your misery."
                          "Yeah. I thought I was getting crazy at that time."
                          I pulled her in my arms. I finally understood her miseries. She suffered a lot already and the thought of her suffering more was very upsetting. I didn't want to torment her and made life harder for her. I loved her. I should accept not just the beautiful side of her but also her flaws. 
                          She came into my arms instantly, encircling her arms around my waist. "I'm sorry."
                          "Shh...You suffered enough already, I don't want you to suffer anymore. I'll take care of you."
                          I felt her head nodded. "Thank you. Um... Is the wedding still on?"
                          "Of course! I lost my son. Losing you too would be very shattering. I wont allow that to happen, ever."
                          I tipped her head with my fingers and clamped her mouth with mine, kissing her deeply. "I love you so much, Jade. No matter what will happen, I'll stay right here by your side, forever and always." 
                          "Oh Eros..." She murmured and kissed me back. After a while, she said. "Zion seemed so happy with his adopted parents."
                          "Yeah, he is." 
                          She smiled contentedly. "Thank you Eros. Now, I have peace of mind."
                          ***11 pm,  Markos Petrakis' mansion***
                          "What the hell! We have to get him, fast. He is my grandson!" My father, Markos Petrakis said. He was so restless and kept on pacing his study room. 
                          "Dad... we have to take this slowly and surely." I said in a very calm voice so my father would relax. 
                          "We have to consider also Jade's feelings and the couple who adopted Zion." My mom, Nina Peres Petrakis said, caressing dad's back up and down, to calm him.
                          "No Nina! He is a Petrakis, our first grandson, the heir of our fortune. We are his family, he belongs with us. By hook or by crook, we must get him, as soon as possible."
                          
                          
                          ***Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your friends.***

Chapter Forty Nine

Chapter Forty Nine (Unedited)
                          
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlists here-
                          
                          "When a man truly loves a woman, she became his weakness. When a woman truly loves a man, he becomes her strength. This is called, Exchange of Powers." - Anonymous
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          
                          "You're lucky that Eros is a good man. He didn't get mad at you for keeping Zion a secret." My mom said.
                          "Yeah. He is really a good man, that's why I fell in love with him. But other people don't know that. They still thought that he is ruthless, cold and a terror."
                          "Admit it Jade. He was." Sapphire snapped at me.
                          "Hmm... he was, but not anymore."
                          "He changed because of you. He fell in love with you so easily too." Sapphire said while texting on her phone.
                          I giggled. "That's what he said."
                          "Anyway, Joseph message me on facebook. He said he reconciled with his ex-fiancee. They're getting married again next month."
                          "OH, that's great... good for him."
                          "Yeah." Sapphire shrugged her shoulders. "Anyway Jade. I'm really sorry about telling Joseph about Eros... that you were hiding from him, that once upon a time, you met him in a bar and something happened, that made you hated him and avoided him.
                          "Saph, just don't do it again, Ok? It was a mistake. 
                          "Yeah, I'm so sorry."
                          "It's okay Saph, don't worry."
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          ***Markos Petrakis' mansion, 6 pm, the night before Eros' and Jade's wedding day***
                          "They're here!" Chloe shouted.
                          My heart immediately lurched with nervousness and excitement and my hands trembled. I couldn't understand what I felt, as if all my body went numbed.
                          "Shh... Chloe, relax... Everyone should relax, we don't want to scare them away, especially Zion. Okay?" My mom, Nina Petrakis turned to the rest of us who were seated on our living room big victorian sofa.
                          Iñigo was drinking dried martini with dad, while I was there, just sitting in the corner of the sofa. I was afraid too. A lot of questions where playing in my mind.
                          What if Zion wouldn't accept me as his father?
                          What if he wouldn't like New York and prefer the peaceful like in Georgia?
                          What if he prefers his adopted parents than us?
                          What if?
                          Oh God. I wished Jade was here. It would help a lot if she was here. We could comfort each other. 
                          But Jade didn't know what was happening tonight, here in the mansion. Mom insisted not to tell her. She would freak out for sure and get restless. She needed to have a good night sleep for our wedding tomorrow. Besides, mom was superstitious,  she believed it was bad luck for the groom and bride to see each other before the wedding.
                          Jade. Yes, she felt so bad about this whole situation. She regretted what she'd done - giving away Zion for adoption. Countless times, she asked for my forgiveness.


"Stop blaming yourself, Jade. You're just making yourself miserable, and I don't want that." I said to her when I called her this morning. We even discussed about settling the matter to the court. "If we'll take this to court, we could win. You were not in your own state of mind at that time. You were depressed because you just lost your dad, your friend, Liv -  and suddenly got pregnant. Besides, you were so young."
                          "But that would be so messy. I don't want to drag this to court. Zion will be the one to suffer in the end, psychologically."
                          "You're right, I don't want that either."
                          "I wish I could turn back the clock. I want him back, Eros."
                          "I know, sweetheart. I want him too, so badly."
                          "Zion's adopted parents love him so much... and he learned to love them too."
                          "Yeah." I heaved a sigh. "They would feel too bad if we'll take Zion away from them, and Zion will feel miserable too."
                          "I don't want him sad. What are we going to do?" She asked.
                          "Actually I already have an idea. Dad and I talked about this last night. We think that this is the best solution, for us, for Zion and for his adopted parents."
                          "Really?" Her voice rose with hope. "What is that?"
                          I told Jade about the whole plan and she felt so happy and hopeful all of a sudden.
                          "Just trust me, sweetheart, okay?"
                          "Of course, I trust you, Eros. I love you."
                          "I love you more, baby. Just enjoy and relax today. I want you properly rested for our wedding night tomorrow."
                          "Really? Not for the wedding ceremony, but the wedding night?"
                          "HAHA! Yeah, for the wedding night, baby." I chuckled.
                          "You are really a naughty boy, Mr. Petrakis." She let out a giggled laugh that made me hot and hard all of a sudden.
                          ___
                          I was in Philadelphia today, for a very important business venture  when dad called me to inform that he already sent his lawyers to Georgia, to talk to Zion's adopted parents.
                          "I thought we agreed to take everything so slow, dad."
                          "Time is gold, son. Why waste time? You want your son, as well as Jade - and the rest of us. There's no need to prolong the moment. Besides, this could be your best wedding gift for Jade. She will be delighted."
                          "It's not the right thing, you're very impulsive. Let Jade and I handle this matter, its none of your business."
                          "Bullshit, Eros. He is my grandson! Don't deprive me of my right. I am your father, dammit." Dad said angrily.
                          "I'm sorry, dad. This whole situation got me so edgy."
                          "Zion should be at your wedding tomorrow. I don't know if you've ever thought about this. When he'll grow up and see the photos and videos - he'll wonder why in world he was not at his parents' wedding."
                          I chose to remain silent. Arguing with dad was like poking your head with a stone. He wouldn't let anyone defeat him in an argument. Besides, he was right.
                          "We have a good chance of winning this case, son."
                          "I know dad. Just make sure no one will suffer dad, especially Zion."
                          "Of course."
                          --
                          My mind brought back to the present when mom shouted.


"Oh my God! I saw him!" Mom exclaimed after she peeped out of the window. "He's so adorable!"
                          "Mom... calm down. You said we should relax, and now you're the one freaking out." Chloe said.
                          "Shh... they're here." Dad stood up and went nearer to the main door. 
                          Just in time, the main door opened. Mr. and Mrs. Gonzales, a middle-aged couple, entered with my son, Zion, in Mr. Gonzales arms. They were escorted by my dad's bodyguards.
                          My heart was leaping so fast with happiness when I saw Zion. His eyes looked so alert and roamed at the ceiling, the paintings, the lights, the people in the room and at dad who greeted them. Then he turned his back at us and hugged his adopted father, Mr. Gonzales.
                          "Come in, come in." Dad greeted them and shook their hands. Then he showed them inside the house, but his eyes never left Zion.
                          "Hi. I'm Nina Petrakis." Mom tried to be so calm, and twice, she reached out to touch Zion's back. She introduced dad, Chloe and Iñigo. "... and this is my son, Eros, Zion's dad."
                          Mrs. Gonzales' eyes suddenly widened. The terror was visible in her eyes. It was obvious that she had fear that I would take Zion away from them.
                          "Good evening." Was all I said. My eyes focused at my son.
                          "Hi, um... I'm Edna Gonzales... and this is my husband, Roberto." 
                          I couldn't contain my tears. I shed tears and I didn't know what came over me -  my heart really softened. I gave Mrs. Gonzales a gentle hug, then her husband, and hugging Zion at the same time. "Thank you. Thank you so much for accepting our invitation."
                          "It is our pleasure too. We don't want to deprive Zion of his family." Roberto Gonzales said, then slowly loosen Zion's hands on his neck and turned Zion towards me. 
                          For the first time, I touched and carried Zion, my son. I hugged him so tightly and kissed his head. I really cried... although I tried so hard not to. 
                          I looked at Zion's face and he was staring at me. Then his hands reached out and touched my face. He wiped a tear in my cheek. "Stop crying, daddy."
                          My heart almost burst out  with happiness when Zion called me daddy. I looked at Mr and Mrs. Gonzales, and they just smiled.
                          "I told him that we are going to see his daddy and mommy. He understands. He's a very smart kid, Mr. Petrakis." Mrs. Gonzales said.
                          Oh God.
                          "Thank you." Was all I said to them. I was overwhelmed with happiness. I was very thankful that the adopted parents of Zion were good people and very religious. Mr. Roberto Gonzales was a school bus driver and Mrs. Edna Gonzales was a plain housewife.
                          I hugged Zion again and he hugged me back. Then he said. "Can I ride your helicopter again, daddy?"
                          I chuckled. "Of course, son. We can fly together, with your mommy Jade."  He was an amazing kid. 
                          I still couldn't believe that finally, I was holding my son. My own flesh and blood. He was so young, fragile, with small hands and arms. I wanted so badly to protect him, keep him safe always. Oh God, I love him.  How I really wish Jade was here to hold him too. She would be overflowing with happiness.
                          Mom and Chloe stood beside me. They were touching and caressing Zion's back, arms and legs. They were fascinated with him just like me.
                          "Hi Zion, I'm your grandma." Mom said, trying to get Zion's attention. "How are you?"
                          Zion just stared at mom, then shifted his eyes to Chloe.
                          "Hello. I'm your aunt Chloe." Chloe made funny faces, so Zion would smile. But he didn't.
                          "One of these days, I'll take you shopping. We'll buy plenty of toys. Anything you like." 
                          "Mom, don't spoil him." I said.
                          "Don't worry, darling, I won't." She hissed.
                          Suddenly, we heard a screetching sound. Our heads turned to where the sound came from. It was from the remote controlled toy car that dad was holding.
                          "Down, down." Zion said. I put him down and immediately he went to dad and grabbed the remote control.
                          "Do you like it?" I heard dad said to Zion.
                          "Yes sir."
                          "Call me grandpa, Zion. Okay?"
                          "Okay grand-pa."
                          Later that evening, I played hide and seek with Zion. Then we played Xbox. After that I read him a story on his bed - at the guestroom with his adopted parents, until he fell asleep.
                          I felt so happy that finally I met my son. He was such an amazing kid and I loved him so much. Now I realized what it felt to become a father. It was so fullfilling and the happiness was something that no one can explain.
                          ***Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your friends.***

Chapter Fifty

Chapter Fifty (Unedited)
                          
                          
                          —Kindly put your playlists here—
                          
                          "When I look in his eyes, I don't see perfection. I don't see a love story that would necessarily be something people would watch on a big screen and dream about -  I see someone, who would fight for me... protect me... and love me, in spite of all the ways I am still a wreck. I see home. Wherever he is, that's my home." – Melanie Shankle, Pinterest
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "You look so beautiful, Jade." My mom said with tears welled in her eyes. "I wish your dad is here to walk with you to the altar."
                          "Mom, you already said it three times. Please don't make me cry. It's my wedding day."
                          "Sorry. I'm so emotional. I couldn't help but remember my wedding day too.... And... and I couldn't believe that my little girl is getting married." She immediately smiled to brighten our mood, wiping her tears off with the tip of her white lace hankerchief. We were inside the white limousine, on our way to St. Patrick's Cathedral, where my wedding with Eros would take place.
                          I was wearing a very lovely white ball gown, strapless court train tulle, sequin rhinestones and diamonds studded wedding dress. My three-inch sexy silver bridal shoes - stiletto heels matched my wedding dress. My hair was pulled up in a bun and a beautiful diamond tiara accented on my head. My makeup was elegant and classy that emphasized my green eyes.
                          I clasped my mom's hand to comfort her. I knew she was nervous, happy and yet, sad too that I would be leaving our home – her and Sapphire. Several times, I told her not to be so emotional about it. She was not losing me, instead she was gaining a son. Eros and I would always be there for her and Sapphire.
                          She hugged me and kissed my cheek. "I love you my baby angel. I know your dad is happy for you and Eros. You might not see him, but he'll be there in the church, walking down the aisle beside you to meet your groom at the altar."
                          "I know mom." I replied, trying so hard to hold my tears.
                          We arrived fifteen minutes earlier the sched time for the wedding. The limousine parked outside the main entrance of the church. Mom went out of the car and I was left alone, waiting. 
                          I was really nervous – my hands and feet were shaking. I was so happy and excited. I still couldn't believe that I would marry Eros, the man I loved  so much, and who also loved me equally  and unconditionally.
                          I was so engrossed with myself, thinking of a lot of things – mostly about Eros and Zion that I didn't notice the limousine door opened. Eros' mom, Nina Petrakis entered.
                          "Oh Jade, you look so beautiful!" She gasped and hugged me. "My son is so lucky to have you as his wife – beautiful, smart and kindhearted. We are very happy that he chose you. You are everything that we asked for in a daughter in-law."
                          "Thank you Mrs. Petrakis."
                          "No...no.. no. From now on, you call me mom, okay?"
                          I was overwhelmed with happiness that I hugged her. "Thank you... mom."
                          She smiled and hugged me back. "Jade, I know that you are nervous, excited, happy... and this is not the ideal time to tell you... but...  I have to tell you something very important."
                          Oh my God! My heart skipped a beat. What's wrong? Weird scenarious played in my head. What happened to Eros? Is he coming or not?
                          


"Markos said yes, and Chloe said no. Eros said no at first... and this morning, he said yes... I'm confuse. But... I think I should tell you about it, before the wedding."
                          
                          "About what?"
                          "About..." She heaved a long sigh, then said. "Zion?"
                          "Zion? What happened to him? Is he okay?" I was getting so anxious now. I would die if something happened to my baby.
                          "He's here."
                          My eyes opened so wide, and my brain stopped functioning. Then, tears suddenly welled on my eyes. The tears that I kept on holding a while ago, finally fell down on my cheeks. I was really shocked that I found hard to breath. My heart was beating so fast. I was so happy and excited to see him. 
                          My baby boy, finally, I could touch him, hold and embraced him -  so tightly... oh God, how I longed for this day to come. Every night, every single night I regretted what I did – giving him away for adoption. 
                          Many times, I was uneasy, wondering if he was okay, if he'd already eaten, taken a bath, not ill, etc. A lot of questions that I couldn't answer - if his adopted parents treated him right, if they loved him so much and if they were taking good care of him.
                          "He's here?" I asked again to confirm if I heard her right.
                          "Yes. We invited his adopted parents, and of course Zion. The Gonzales' are good people. They understood the situation very well. They didn't want to deprive Zion of his right to meet his biological parents and attend the wedding. They arrived in the house last night... and they're staying with us right now."
                          "Oh my God! Where is he?" I peeped out of the window, trying to see where he was. But the car windows were tinted, I couldn't see clearly outside. I couldn't contain my happiness that I wanted to get out of the limousine and find my little boy.
                          "Relax, Jade. He's here." Mom Nina opened the car door. Then a familiar middled-aged woman entered – Mrs. Gonzales. With her was a boy... my precious little boy, Zion.
                           My heart lurched. I couldn't believe seeing Zion up close and within my reach. Oh my goodness, he looked so adorable and handsome in black tuxedo with his brown-black hair plastered neatly on his head – he looked like Eros... a miniature of his Eros. 
                          Oh God, my baby. 
                          My tears kept on falling now. I didn't care anymore if I ruined my makeup. I was so happy to see Zion. I wanted to hug him so tightly and kiss him – make everything alright. I wanted to tell him how much I loved him and how sorry I was for giving him away... I wanted to explain and make him understand... to make everything right for him.... for us... for everyone.
                          Mrs. Gonzales and Zion were sitting across me in the limousine. Zion's eyes roamed inside the car, the ceiling, the carseat and the lights. Then his eyes focused at me.
                          "Oh... Jade. For heaven's sake, stop crying." Mom Nina said, caressing my back lightly, up and down.
                          "Dear, it's okay. Don't cry, it's your wedding day." Mrs. Gonzales said.
                          "Jade, this is Edna, Edna Gonzales, Zion's mother. Edna this is my daughter in-law, Jade. Zion's.... er... biological mother."
                          "Hello Jade. Finally I meet you." Mrs. Gonzales extended her hand and I took it, clasping it gently. My eyes shifted from Zion to her then back to Zion. I couldn't take my eyes off Zion. He looked so wonderful,  adorable and amazing. My heart really bled for him.
                          "Hi." Was all I managed to say. 
                          "And this handsome boy here is Zion." She said touching Zion's head. "Zion, go to Jade, she's your mommy."
                          "Mommy?" Zion said, looking up at Mrs. Gonzales with questioning eyes.
                          "Yes, your mommy. We're here to meet your other daddy and mommy, right? We've already met your daddy eros last night... and now, here's your mommy Jade. "
                          "Oh! Sorry... I forgot." He said  and playfully snapped his forehead with the palm of his right hand, then smiled at Mrs. Gonzales.
                          Mom Nina laughed at Zion, then said. "Come on, Zion, be a good boy, hug your mommy Jade."
                          Zion looked at me, then slowly and shyly came into my arms. His small arms encircled my waist. I immediately pulled him up on my lap, then hugged him so tightly. My tears wouldn't stop now.
                          I kissed his cheeks, his head... and smelled his baby scent. I poured all my love to him... 
                          "I miss you baby, I love you so much. I'm sorry... I'm really sorry... my baby boy... Zion..." I kept on whispering on him. I kept on hugging him, so afraid of letting him go... I wanted him beside me, always... I wanted to take care of him, amend all the mistakes I've done to him... especially for abandoning him.
                          "Jade... Jade... Jade!" I heard mom Nina said – and I could feel Zion starting to wiggle out of my arms. "Take it easy, you're scaring him."
                          "Oh, I'm sorry." I fixed Zion's hair and embraced him loosely. "Hi, Zion. I'm your mommy Jade." I tried to calm myself now and stopped crying.
                          "I know... Mama and Papa told me." He replied looking at me shyly.
                          "Eversince, we told him the truth that he's adopted and he has another mommy and daddy. We know that time will come that he'll wonder why he looks different from us – he's caucasian and we're Filipinos. Right now, these things doesn't bother him. He's still very young and couldn't understand what's really going on. All he knows is how much we love him, so dearly like our very own flesh and blood." Mrs. Gonzales said.
                          I touched Zion's cheek, his arms and his small hands. He was so perfect. "Thank you Mrs. Gonzales for taking care of Zion."
                          "You're welcome Jade. And call me Edna." She smiled sweetly. "He's a good boy. We're lucky to have him."
                          "I wish we could spend more time with Zion, very soon." I looked down at Zion, who was playing with the beads and diamonds on my dress – actually counting it.
                          "Yeah, soon. You are welcome to visit us in Georgia."
                          "Thank you." I said and hugged Zion again.
                          The limousine suddenly opened and Eros dad, Markos Petrakis said in a very authoritative voice. "The groom is so impatient. He sent me to tell you Jade that if you're not getting out of the car in five minutes, he'll come and get you himself."
                          "Oh my goodness. You, Petrakis men, are really very impatient. Don't worry Jade, you'll get use to it." Mom Nina said and winked at me. "You need a retouch. Wait for your make-up artist here, ok?"
                          "Thanks." I replied, wiping any traces of tears in my eyes and cheeks.
                          I hugged Zion again and kissed him before he left with Edna. He hugged me back and kissed my cheek. "You're very beautiful, mommy."
                          My heart instantly melted when he called me mommy. I couldn't bear it anymore. The moment I was alone in the car, I burst out crying.
                          

Chapter Fifty One

Chapter Fifty One (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlists here—
                          "Love is an unconditional commitment to an imperfect person. To love somebody, isn't just a strong feeling. It is a DECISION, a JUDGEMENT and a PROMISE."
                           – from Bestlovequotes.tumblr.com
                          Trivia:
                          Do you know why the marriage ring is placed at the fourth finger from the thumb of your left hand? 
                          --Because its the only finger that has a vein which is directly connected to our heart.
                          Thanks to @Just Random for this beautiful YouTube Video of Eros' ad Jade's wedding. See attached video.
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          I was like a nervous wreck. I couldn't control my hands and my feet from shaking. I was so tense and yet, very excited. I've been waiting for this day to happen. To finally take Jade as my wife. 
                          I dug my hand inside my pants pocket and took my white hankerchief out. I wiped my forehead and my neck again. I was sweating profusely. I couldn't control the spasmodic trembling within me. The lump in my throat was getting worse. I took a deep breath and tried to relax. 
                          I was afraid that I couldn't express my feelings for Jade, in words. That I would totally forget the lines that I kept on practicing last night.
                          Oh God... 
                          I was a very confident man and always in control of myself.  I mastered the art of talking and giving long speech to a big crowd. I often talked in Global business conferences, international seminars for young leaders, entrepreneurship discussions and even debates - in different languages. 
                          BUT with Jade... I stammered. My tongue got twisted and my words get jumbled whenever I spoke of my feelings for her. Maybe because of her eyes... I got lost whenever I stared at her dazzling emerald green eyes.
                          I cleared my throat and looked at the ceiling of St. Patrick Cathedral – a Neo-Gothic-style Roman Catholic cathedral church in the United States and a prominent landmark of New York City. 
                          "Chill, dude." My best man, Kobe Latsis leaned nearer and whispered.
                          I nodded and looked at Iñigo, Tristan, Xander and the rest of the groomsmen who were already in place to the right of the altar. 
                          Iñigo gave me a thumbs up sign. He understood what I felt at that moment because he just got married to my sister, Chloe, a month ago. 
                          My first cousin, Tristan – Tristan Latsis, Kobe's older half brother, just looked at me and shrugged his shoulders. His face was set with distaste. He hated weddings. He was allergic to marriage and commitment. Like I was, before. But his case was worse. His mother ran off with her personal trainer when he was only five years old, abandoning him and his father. That explained why he lost his trust in women. Well, I thought he would never come. I was surprised when he arrived last night from New Zealand – where his business was based.
                          Xander Valiente was a childhood friend. He was my ultimate business rival. But despite of that, we are good friends, nothing personal, only business. He was very disappointed that I wouldn't be marrying his sister, Stella. But eventually, he understood. He had to, because I was in love with an amazing girl, named Jade. Xander was supposed to be a married man now, but unfortunately, his fiancee ran off a week before the wedding.


My eyes immediately focused at Zion, who was walking down the aisle, carrying the ring bearer pillow. He looked so adorable in black tuxedo. A very handsome little boy, simply amazing. I was sure many girls would fight for his attention once he'd reach puberty. 
                          I was overwhelmed with happiness that Zion was able to come on our wedding—and that Jade finally saw him. I was sure, she couldn't contain herself from not hugging or kissing him. Zion was our son. It was right that he should be at our wedding. I was just thankful that Mr. and Mrs. Gonzales understood the situation. They agreed for Zion to come and visit us sometimes, but in one condition. Not to take Zion away from them – even changed his name to Petrakis. He was their son, not ours... was what Mr. Roberto Gonzales often said. He was a hard-headed man and he was willing to fight tooth and nail for Zion. 
                          But he is my son. My own flesh and blood. He belongs with me and Jade. We are his real parents. Soon... I have to find a way... soon... 
                          Two cute little girls carrying baskets followed Zion. They were tossing red rose petals as they walked down the aisle. One of the flower girls stepped on her gown and fell on the floor. She looked like she was about to cry, but I was surprised that Zion went back to the little girl and helped her to stand. Everyone was awed by his actions and that made me so proud of him. He was already a gentleman at a young age.
                          When Zion almost reached the altar, I scoped him in my arms and hugged him. I kissed his forehead before putting him on his assigned seat.
                          The music suddenly stopped. Everyone stood up and started to get excited – smiling, giggling and looked at the main entrance of the church.
                          My heartbeat raced faster, getting so excited to see Jade and at the same time, nervous.
                          The intro of a song started playing and the main door of the church slowly opened. 
                          The moment I saw Jade, I felt inside me melted.
                          She was so beautiful, standing there, dressed in all white. I was speechless... Oh God, she took my breathe away.
                          For all the times I felt cheated, I complained You know how I love to complain For all the wrongs I repeated, though I was to blame I still cursed that rain I didn't have a prayer, didn't have a clue Then out of the blue
                          Jade smiled the moment our eyes met. I smiled back at her and held her eyes as she walked down the aisle. She looked like an angel... a very beautiful angel, sent by God, to share my life with.
                          God gave me you to show me what's real There's more to life than just how I feel And all that I'm worth is right before my eyes And all that I live for though I didn't know why Now I do, 'cause God gave me you
                          I was such a lucky man, to have her as my wife. She meant the world to me. Life made perfect sense when she came in my life. 
                          For all the times I wore my self pity like a favorite shirt All wrapped up in that hurt For every glass I saw, I saw half empty Now it overflows like a river through my soul From every doubt I had, I'm finally free I truly believe
                          She was the most amazing, prettiest, funniest and sweetest girl I've ever met. She made me live, laugh and love. I wouldn't ever get bored when I was with her. 
                          God gave me you to show me what's real There's more to life than just how I feel And all that I'm worth is right before my eyes And all that I live for though I didn't know why Now I do, 'cause God gave me you
                          In your arms I'm someone new With ever tender kiss from you Oh, must confess I've been blessed 
                          In her, I've found the love of my life and my closest best friend. 
                          God gave me you to show me what's real There's more to life than just how I feel And all that I'm worth is right before my eyes And all that I live for though I didn't know why (Didn't know why) Now I do, 'cause God gave me you (I finally do, God gave me you)
                          God gave me you
                          "You're so beautiful" I mouthed to Jade, when she was just a few steps away from me. She giggled and gave me a very sweet smile that lit her face more – and that made me blush like a lovestruck teenage boy.
                          I took her hands and she clasped mine so tightly. Her hands were cold and trembling.
                          "Hi." She said. "I'm so tense."
                          "It's okay, sweetheart... it's okay." I whispered to her, reassuring her. Then I put her hand on my forearm, as we walked together towards the altar.
                          The wedding ceremony lasted for forty five minutes. Finally, it was time to say our vows.
                          "Jade, I bring myself to you this day to share my life with you. You can trust my love, for it's real. I promise to be a faithful husband, and to unfailingly share and support your hopes, dreams, and goals. I vow to be there for you always.
                          When you fall, I will catch you; when you cry, I will comfort you; when you laugh, I will share your joy. Everything I am, and everything I have is yours, from this moment forth, and for eternity."
                          "Eros, you are my best friend for life. I pledge to honour, encourage, and support you through our walk together. When our way becomes difficult, I promise to stand by you and uplift you, so that through our bond we can accomplish more than we could alone.
                          I promise to work at our love, and always make you a priority in my life. With every beat of my heart, I will love you. This is my solemn vow."
                          After a while the officiating priest said. "You may now kiss the bride."
                          I gasped when I lifted Jade's veil. She was so beautiful. Actually the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in my entire life. I couldn't believe that she was my wife now... the girl I once never noticed.
                          I put my arms around her waist, and slowly my lips descended to meet hers. We kissed passionately to seal our marriage vows - proving to each other how sincere we are in fulfilling our promises. To love, trust and honor each other... for the rest of our lives. 

Author's Notes


                          THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED is a published book.
                          Please be reminded of the following:
                          1.)    I DO NOT ALLOW TRANSLATIONS IN THIS STORY IN ANY LANGUAGE OR DIALECT, EVEN THOUGH THE CREDITS ARE ALL MINE.
                          2.) DO NOT COPY THIS STORY AND DO NOT POST THIS IN ANY WEBSITES.
                          3.) Please let me know if anyone posted this story in other websites.
                          4.)   This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, locations, and incidents are products of the author's imagination, or have been used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, locales, or events is entirely coincidental.
                          5.)   The UPLOADING, SCANNING, and DISTRIBUTION of this book in any form or by any means – including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise -  without the permission of the author is ILLEGAL AND PUNISHABLE BY LAW. Your support of the author's rights is appreciated.
                          
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          

Epilogue

EPILOGUE
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart." – Josiah G. Holland, Pinterest
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "I love you, Eros."
                          "I love you so much more, Jade. More than you'll ever know. You made me the happiest man in the whole universe right now." He whispered, his breath hot against my ear. Then he swayed me in the dancefloor of the Four Seasons Hotel in New York.
                          I smiled feeling so happy and fortunate for having a handsome, gorgeous, loving, kind and caring husband, who loved me so deeply.
                          Eros pulled me tighter in his strong arms, lifted me a little and kissed me lingeringly. His kiss sang through my veins. Then his lips left mine to nibble  at my earlobe. "Let's get out of here."
                          "Now?"
                          "Yeah... now, sweetheart. They will understand." His voice was so deep and sensual.
                          I laughed at him and hugged him. "But we haven't slice the wedding cake yet."
                          "Do we really need to do that?"
                          "Of course, it's a tradition and I wouldn't miss it for the world.... and the garter, and throwing of bouquet."
                          "Okay... okay... I'll be very patient, my love." He lifted my left hand and planted a kiss on my palm, slowly licking it... then gave me a dreamy look.
                          "You are a wicked man." I hissed, feeling so affected by his touch and look right now. My whole body tingled, feeling so sensitive... and I felt so hot all of the sudden.
                          Zion was running in the dancefloor, chasing one of the flower girls. Eros caught him and pulled him up in his arms. 
                          "Hello, big boy, having a good time?"
                          "Yes. When are you going to slice the cake?" Zion asked looking at me then at Eros.
                          "How about now?" I said, kissing Zion's cheek.
                          "Yehey!" Zion lifted his arms happily.
                          Eros and I laughed.  Then Eros pulled me in his arms again, and the three of us were dancing in the dancefloor. 
                          I was so happy. Eros and Zion completed me.
                          We sliced the cake which made Zion so happy. My goodness. He loved the icing and licked his fingers clean. He was so adorable.
                          It was Eros' cousin, Tristan Latsis, who caught the bride's garter and Stella Valiente caught my bouquet. 
                          Oh-oh... Eros told me how they hated and avoided each other. He didn't know why... but they just couldn't stand the sight of each other. They were like a cat and dog... water and oil... and definitely opposites. Stella was so prim and proper, so classy and glamourous, while Tristan was adventurous, rugged and rough. 
                          Stella looked so frigid sitting on a chair, in the middle of the dancefloor, when Tristan put the garter on her legs. When the garter was on her leg, he used his teeth to pull the garter up to her inner thigh. Everyone cheered and laughed. Stella gasped and her eyes widened. She immediately stood up and ran off - and Tristan followed her. 
                          My sister, Sapphire and her new boyfriend, Kobe Latsis were so sweet, dancing and talking. Kobe kept on stealing kisses on her and I knew she welcomed it. They were planning on going to Japan to experience pop culture in Tokyo, by attending Otaku Anime adventure, touring Ghibli Museum, and sightseeing in Akihabara (the home of 'otaku' culture) and Harajuku. Kobe was very supportive of Sapphire's obsession of anime and manga characters.


My mom and Donovan were in the table talking. They were so happy and in love. I could sense that soon, they would take their relationship to a higher level. I liked Donovan, he made my mom so happy - and she looked younger and blooming now. 
                          "I knew it. All along, I knew that there was something going on between you and Eros."
                          I turned around when I heard someone said behind me. It was Eros grandmother, Karina Martins Anderson.
                          "Hello, grandma." I hugged her. "How did you know?"
                          "Hmmm.... The way he looked at you. It was different. His eyes sparkled and his face glowed... until now. He adored you." She smiled and pointed her finger to Eros, who glanced at us. He was talking to his father, Markos Petrakis and was cuddling Zion in his arms.
                          "OH... really?" I was amused.
                          "Yes, and the way you looked at him? It showed your admiration on him."
                          "I was that obvious?"
                          "Yes, you were."
                          "Oh... how come? I thought I was the girl he never noticed."
                          "Dear, believe me. You're the girl he ever noticed."
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          "We have a good chance of getting Zion from them. Jade was not in a... good state of mind at that time." My dad, Markos Petrakis said.
                          "Hey, watch out dad, she's my wife."
                          "Son... I'm not implying she anything... but, she was depressed, young and immature."
                          "It was also her mom's decision too,  and her grandma."
                          "I know, but we can win this case. My lawyers assured me that we can get Zion's custody."
                          I heaved a frustrated sigh. I looked at Jade who was dancing with Zion in the dancefloor now. She looked so happy cuddling our son. 
                          "Dad... we'll talk about this some other time, it's my wedding day."
                          "Eros, we have to talk about this, now. You will be leaving for two weeks."
                          I stared at my father. His gray hairs were showing at his temples already. He looked older than his fifty four years. I knew he was desperate in getting Zion's custody too. I saw how he adored my son so much. I heard him asking Zion if he wanted to go to Disneyland or if he wanted his own little Disneyland, what kind of toy he wanted... a bike, remote controlled helicopter or a small boat that he could playfully sail - He was spoiling my son.
                          "We have to find another way dad, not like this. Getting into court would be so messy, and Zion would suffer at the end, emotionally. He loves his biological parents already, he's so atttach to them." I groaned aloud. "Jade doesn't want to fight for Zion's custody. She just wants to have access with Zion, to see him anytime we want to... even ask the Gonzales to share Zion's time with us and allow us to be part of his life."
                          "And is that what you want too?"
                          I hissed silently. "No. That's not enough. I love my son and I want full custody of him. But..." I inhaled deeply. "I respect my wife's decision."
                          Dad shook his head, feeling disappointed. "Okay... fine." Then he laughed. "Did you ever think how Zion would react, let's say... ten years from now? He will wonder why he was a Gonzales and not a Petrakis? When he'll have his own little brothers and sisters, all bearing a Petrakis surnames. How would you explain that to him? He wouldn't understand why his own mother sent him away for adoption. Let's act on it now. Zion is barely four. He is not yet socially and emotionally develop. He will forget about this... them in a few weeks."


I gritted my teeth and clenched my fist. He had a point. Zion would probably hate Jade. "Zion is a smart kid, I will make him understand."
                          "Yeah, he is a very smart kid. But remember, he is also a Petrakis. We are hotheaded and short-tempered, it's in our blood. I hope he will not do something stupid once he'll find out the truth... there's no room for a rebellious kid in our family." He said before turning away. I knew he was very disappointed of me for not cooperating with his plan in getting Zion. 
                          Jade and I must talk about this. Soon.
                          I shook my head and checked the time in my watch. It was time for Jade and I to go. We still have a long flight to Bora Bora.
                          I was on my way to the dancefloor to get Jade. But my bestfriend, Iñigo Monteiro stopped me. He tapped my shoulder so hard. "Hey man, congratulations."
                          I flinched, rubbing my shoulder. "Thanks, buddy."
                          "I'm so happy for you man. I thought you would never ever marry." Iñigo said.
                          "Yeah, me too. I thought he was allergic in 'love'." My sister, Chloe laughed. She was clasping Iñigo's arm. "You're lucky you found Jade. She's the only one who can stand your lordly and controlling attitude."
                          I frowned, not really happy with what my sister said. I couldn't believe that she still enjoyed annoying me – even now that we were both married. "It's my wedding day, sis."
                          "OH! sorry big bro, I forgot." She was pretending to look so surprised. "I'm just kidding. Anyway, best wishes to you and Jade. I love you big bro and I'm so happy you found your own happiness, at last!"
                          "Thank you sis." I hugged Chloe then excused myself to fetch Jade.
                          
                          
                          *** WARNING!!! WARNING!!! WARNING!!!***
                          ---  FOR MATURE READERS ONLY (18 YEARS OLD AND ABOVE ONLY) ---
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          I'm on fire. Like a lava... melting.
                          Eros and I were in our suite at the Four Seasons Hotel New York. Actually it was the TY Warner Penthouse suite – known as the highest hotel suite in New York that soars 800 feet above the street with incredible 360-degree views.  
                          I was on bed – our matrimonial bed. Sprawled almost naked. I only had my white-laced bikini panties on.
                          Eros was on top of me. He was kissing me hungrily - like I was a feast. His tongue thrusting inside my mouth, teasing... and coaxing me to respond to him with equal fervor. His hands were uneasy. Exploring and caressing every inch of my body, sweetly and delicately like I was made of a rare chinaware.  And his lips and amazing tongue followed in every caress he made on my skin... so warm and moist... that I turned into liquid... 
                          Oh God, he's so hot for me. 
                          I caressed his bare back gently with my fingertips, and he shuddered. 
                          I loved the thought that I made him shudder. That everytime I touched him, he was really affected. I felt like I had the super power to turn him into jelly. 
                          I smiled... feeling satisfied. That's great. We were both the same. We could turn each other into jellies.
                          Eros was kissing my neck, my throat, down to my shoulders... and the delicious feeling made me moaned with pleasure. Oh God, I loved his lips... 
                          "You're so beautiful, Jade." He was touching my breasts – caressing, massaging so gently,  before his head came down. His amazingly strong tongue licked, circled my nipples and did small arousing flicks. Ohhhhh... I definitely love his tongue more.
                          My head was reeling wildly. Don't stop... don't you evvvveeeerrr stop.
                          He didn't stop, but his lips seared a path downwards.... Kissing, licking my stomach... made teasing bites that made me gasped. Oh gosh... he was so experience... he really knew how to turn me on. I wondered how many women he bedded to get so experience on SEX. The thought made me upset for a while... I was jealous.
                          I sat up and looked at him... watching what he was doing to me.  And he looked back at me... his eyes so dreamy – filled with intense passion. He gave me a wicked grin, then spread my thighs. 
                          I was so weak... my whole body melted... he turned me into liquid.
                          His eyes never left me, as he slowly licked my inner thigh. I gasped then collapsed my whole body on the bed. 
                          He chuckled then said. "I want to taste you Jade."
                          Oh Goddddddd... I shivered.
                          I looked at Eros again. He was on the floor, kneeling and he was making delightful caresses on my thighs.  Then he slowly removed my white-laced panties. 
                          I felt embarrassed that I clamped my thighs together. Shutting him away from me.
                          "Jade, please. Let me kiss you."
                          That same dreamy eyes, that made me weak again. I couldn't say no to him. I loved him so much... and what he was doing to me – to my body, was so deliciously pleasurable. 
                          I sat down and kissed his lips. We were kissing so deeply... our tongue duelled. His lips moved to my neck, then slowly down to my breasts... and going down, down, down... 
                          He met my eyes and slowly his head dipped down to my thighs. His tongue met the center of my arousal. He was kissing, licking and made small arousing flicks on me, intimately. 
                          I moaned with the intense heavenly pleasure – that I arched my back. I bit my lower lip to prevent myself from screaming as loudly as I wanted to at that moment.  I grasped the bedsheet above my head and my heels were digging into the mattress. 
                          Ohhhhh Goooodddd... this is too much pleasure...
                          I looked at Eros, he was kissing me so earnestly, like he was really really enjoying – loving it. I felt like a banquet with his hands gripping my hips and held me against his mouth.
                          "Ohhhh... Eros...."
                          He smiled, then moved on top of me. "Oh, Jade, my very sweet Jade." He kissed my lips hungrily... that I tasted myself.
                          Then he was inside me, pushing and thrusting - so hard and strong.
                          
                          
                          ***Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your friends.***
                          

Author's Notes

Hi!
                          Because of too many requests, I'm continuing the story of Jade and Eros  --- 'The Girl He Never Noticed - Book Two.'
                          The story will focus on Jade and Eros adjusting to marriage life. How they cope up with the trials and challenges - and passed the test of true love.
                          Zion will play a major role in the story.  The rest of the characters will appear in the chapters from time to time, like Sapphire and Kobe, Ruby and Donovan, Iñigo and Chloe, Markos and Nina, Tristan and Stella, Edna and Roberto Gonzales, Joseph, Kendra, etc.
                          Enjoy reading.
                          Love and Kisses,
                          Neilani Alejandrino
                          a.k.a. sweetdreamer33
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          

Book II - Chapter 1

Chapter One
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          "Maybe I'm scared because you mean more to me than any other person. You are everything I think about, everything I need, everything I want." – Love Quotes from Pinterest
                          
                          Jade
                          "Wake up, honey. You'll be late." I whispered softly and kissed my husband's cheek before turning him gently so his back laid flat on bed - his bed, before, and now, our bed – a kingsize bed covered with pure white linens and pillow cases. The only color that differed was the thick bed cover that was now lying on the floor -  a charcoal color with strips of white and gray.
                          I gasped when Eros immediately grabbed my waist and pulled me on top of him – straddling him.
                          "You'll be veeerrryy late for the board meeting, Mr. Petrakis." I adjusted myself on top of him, sitting lightly on his stomach.
                          "Who cares. I'm the boss." He grinned sleepily. His hands caressing my waist.
                          "Oh... come on rich boy..." I purred, teasing him... baiting... provoking.
                          His eyes opened and dilated, fully awake now, and his expression changed, like that of a predator – ready to hunt his prey... me. My heart suddenly lurched.
                          His hands ran possessively under my negligee, caressing my thighs, sending shivers down my spine.
                          "Oh-oh."
                          "Oh yes, naughty girl." His lips curved in a wicked smile before he pinned me down on the bed aggressively, beneath him. 
                          "Eros, wait. I need..." My words were lost when he covered my mouth and kissed me deeply. His body softened and interlocked with mine, moving sensuously between my legs. His right hand was caressing my body sensuously, from my breasts, running downwards to my thighs. He pulled down the strap of my negligee and brought his mouth down to my nipples and tugged it deeply, making me moan with intense pleasure.
                          I was groaning and panting when he suddenly drew his mouth away and looked at my face.
                          Confused and frustrated, I asked. "Why did you stop?"
                          "You said wait." His voice was hoarse with intense longing. "You need what?"
                          I just stared at him. My face flushed with desire. My body felt so hot and steamy – I was on fire.
                          "I... I forgot" I said blankly, and trying to remember what I'd just said.
                          He smiled and clasped me closer. Our mouths met again and clung together as we drove ourselves over the edge wildly, burning ourselves with desire - deeply and passionately.
                          ***
                          Thirty minutes later
                          I was brushing my red hair in front of a mirror on a vanity dresser, with only my robe on. I'd just finished having a shower with Eros and for the second time that morning, I made love with him. He was an insatiable man and made me so hot and wild for him.
                          We'd just arrived yesterday from our two-week honeymoon in Bora Bora. We wanted to extend our honeymoon, but he had a lot of work to do. He had important projects and business deals to close that he couldn't just delegate.
                          I was staring at the reflection of Eros in the mirror. He looked so gorgeous with only a small white towel wrapped around his hips, showing a large amount of his abdominal V lines.
                          He noticed me staring at him in the mirror and I blushed.
                          "Come with me." He said.
                          "Are you serious?" A part of me brighten up. I would love to work again in the office as his personal assistant, but he insisted that it was not appropriate - as his wife. He didn't want me to get tired – only to relax and enjoy life. 


But he was open to the idea of me joining the company soon if I really wanted to. For the meantime, I should set my priorities first. Adjusting to the role of being his wife and finishing my college degree. 
                          "I'm not." He heaved a frustrated sigh. "I'll be very distracted. I know I won't be able to work when you're in the office."
                          He removed his towel and put on his underwear, then his pants. "I have lot of works to catch up. My day will be very hectic." He hissed.
                          He was putting his white shirt on and buttoning it up. I stood up and took his tie on the bed then started tying it around his neck.
                          "What are your plans for today?" He asked. His hands immediately settled on my waist."I don't want you to get bored."
                          "Don't worry, I'll find something to keep me occupied."
                          "You can go shopping."
                          "Honey, you bought me too many signature dresses, shoes and bags already... and very expensive jewelries that's fit for a queen. I don't think I could wear it all." I ran my hands on his chest and creeped around his neck.
                          "Hmm... you can read a book. I'll ask Doris to grab copies of all New York Bestselling novels this month."
                          "No... no, please don't. I can buy it in an online store. Just, don't worry, I'll be fine." I went to the floor to ceiling glass window and opened the black and white curtains – so the sunlight would get in. At least the sun rays would add color to our room.
                          Yes. Our room was so dull and contained neutral colors only. Black, white and gray. 
                          The headboard, cabinets, tables and the rest of the furnitures were black. The carpet was gray and the floor was white. The room started to look morbid. The only color that dominated the room at that moment was my red hair.
                          I understand how Eros liked neutral colors. But it was boring and lifeless. He'd got to learn how to appreciate colors, and I was the best person to teach him. 
                          Life is beautiful with too many colors, it brings the best of us and added more meaning to life. Colors gives us happiness, makes us experiment things and explore. It expresses feelings and opened up varied emotions.
                          "Maybe, I'll decorate our house?" 
                          "Oh sweetheart, that's a brilliant idea." He went towards me and pulled me up in his arms, kissing my lips earnestly.
                          "Sure?"
                          "Absolutely sure. You can start decorating our bedroom." He gave me a wicked look and kissed the sensitive spot behind my neck.
                          "Ohhhhh... I'm so excited." I clung to him.
                          "Me too, baby." He said assuringly.
                          
                          Eros
                          "Surprise!"
                          What the...! 
                          My rare african dark mahogany headboard turned to lavender. The black cabinet doors turned to pastel colors... peach, apple green, baby blue and light pink.
                          The walls... thanks God, it was still white. 
                          But the curtain was floral, in shades of white, pink and lavender. The carpet was furry white with pink hearts in the edges. The bed... for heaven's sake, the linens and pillows were all pink! I couldn't sleep on a pink bed!
                          What the hell did she do to my room! My things were disarranged.
                          Flower vases, candles and figurines were on the tables. Cheap paintings of flowers and landscapes hung on the walls. Even my bookshelf was filled with romance novels. Where's my Lord of the Rings book collection?


I looked back at Jade, who was smiling excitedly. Her body turning around the room with her arms flinging up on the air. "Do you like it?" 
                          Speechless. Shocked. 
                          I totally don't like it. It's too feminine. Remove everything and turned it back to its original state, now!  I wanted to say to her, honestly, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings. I knew she spent the whole day decorating the room.
                          I tried to fake a smile, but I couldn't. I tried to lie, but it was hard. So I just nodded and hugged her. "I'm hungry and tired. Let's have dinner, okay?"
                          "Ok-ayyy." The uncertainty was very evident in her voice. I knew she hinted something.
                          We were having dinner – a candlelight dinner with beautiful set of different flowers at the center of the table. Very romantic.
                          But I was upset. No way would I sleep on that pink bed. Were will I sleep? I'm so tired. I had a very busy day. I wanted my bed.
                          I have to tell her. Gently. She will surely understand. Later.
                          "How's work?"
                          "Very hectic. I just had sandwiches and coffee at lunchtime."
                          "Oh my poor baby... I wish I was there to help you."
                          "Soon, sweetheart." I gave her a dismissed look and took a bite on my steak. "This steak is hard and..." So bland. It's the worse steak I've ever tasted in this house. I almost said it but thanks God, I didn't, or else it would be a big trouble.
                          "OH!" Jade exclaimed.
                          I saw Jade stiffened. Shit! She cooked the steak.
                          I felt so bad at that moment. I just stared at Jade – observing her reaction, and she just stared back at me.
                          "But it's very delicious." I forced a smile at her and she smiled back. Thanks goodness. "Did you cook this?"
                          "Yes. Umm... it's a bit overcook... but next time, I'll do my best to perfect it." She smiled sweetly.
                          Pretending - I ate the steak with gusto. 
                          I was silent the whole time. I kept on thinking about our room. The floral curtains, lavender headboard and pink bed. Our room resembled a rainbow already.
                          We were done eating when she mentioned our room again. "Um... what can you say about our room? Do you like it?"
                          Our room. The pink bed. No way will I ever sleep there.
                          I was silent. I could't hide what I felt anymore. I had to tell her the truth.
                          "It's too feminine. Too colorful... like a rainbow." I said in a very gentle tone.
                          "Oh honey. It's not at all feminine. It's a combination of male and female colors." She stood up and took our plates to the sink.
                          "There are floral curtains and flower vases. I'm not used to it. I'm a man for God's sake, Jade!" I followed her to the kitchen.
                          She turned around and faced me. "You're upset."
                          I sighed. "I'm not upset. I just raised my voice so you could hear me."
                          "Yes, you are. Where's the sweetheart, baby, honey. It's been too long since you called me Jade." She glared at me, her hands on her waist now.
                          I scratched my head and rubbed my face. "Okay, I'm a little... tiny bit upset, sweetheart. And I appreciate you decorating our room, BUT, you have to understand that I can't sleep on a pink bed."
                          "Why not? It's just a bed – and a... a color to livened our mood."
                          "I know... I know... I'm a man, baby. It's like sleeping on a bed of cotton candy... and marsmallow. It's too girly."
                          "Some men wear pink nowadays. Pink is unisex."
                          "Sweetheart, I'm not some men. There's no way you could ever make me wear pink, or even sleep on a pink bed. I hope that's clear to you." I said in my most authoritative voice.
                          "Okay fine, I understand. You don't have to be upset. I'll change the linens and the pillows now – even the curtains. And first thing tomorrow, I'll return everything to its original places." She said then immediately walked out of the kitchen. 
                          Shit. She walked out on me. I didn't like it. She was very upset.
                          I followed Jade and found her in the bathroom crying. She was sitting at the edge of the bath tub – the same spot when I tended her bruises when she accidentally broke the fake Chinese ming dynasty cup. Her small hands covered her face. Her shoulders lifted every time she tried to stifle a sob.
                          Damn it. I made her cry. I hurt her. I broke my promise to her – not to make her cry, and we were married for barely two weeks only.
                          Something within me opened up. My heart and my mind. Everything suddenly didn't matter anymore. I didn't give a damn if I sleep on pink beds and mattresses for the rest of my life. I could live with floral curtains, surrounded with flower vases, candles and rainbow colored walls and cabinets, as long as I have Jade. I loved Jade – so much. She meant everything to me. 
                          She's my everything, my love and my life.
                          Making her cry and seeing her hurt, made me the saddest. I couldn't bear seeing her like this. I didn't want her to cry and suffer because of me. 
                          I have to swallow my pride and learn to accept that I was married now. It was not about me, Me and ME anymore, but US – me and Jade. 
                           I knelt down in front of her and and wrapped my arms around her. I put my head on her lap and said. "I'm so sorry, sweetheart."
                          
                          *** Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your friends***
                          Love and Kisses,
                          Neilani Alejandrino
                          a.k.a. sweetdreamer33

Book II - Chapter 2

                  
                          BOOK II - Chapter Two (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here—
                          
                          "There's an old tale that says soul mates' minds are connected from birth. When you can't sleep, your soul mate can't sleep either. So next time you're laying awake, know that somewhere, someone is laying awake, too." – ilovemylsi.com Pinterest 
                          
                          Jade
                          
                          "Do you like it?"
                          "Yeah." Zion licked his chocolate coated fingers. "You make delicious cupcakes mommy."
                          I hugged Zion. I was so overwhelmed with happiness seeing him again. I missed him a lot. "Thank you. I'm glad you like it, my baby. Next time, I'll bake more of this, okay?"
                          "When are you coming back mommy?" 
                          "Ermm... next month."
                          "Next month? Not tomorrow?"
                          "No. Not tomorrow." I hugged him again. I really wished I could see him everyday and do things what every mother does to their child: cook for him, run a bath, read bedtime stories, teach school lessons and drop him to school every morning.
                          Since we arrived from our honeymoon a month ago, Eros and I were dying to see Zion. But the Gonzales wouldn't  allow us to see him.  They had plenty of reasons, like they were going out of town, they had relatives visiting them, they promised Zion to see the Zoo, etc.
                          And now that the Gonzales allowed us to visit our son, they told us that we could see him once a month only. They didn't like the idea of us seeing Zion more often because it wouldn't do good for the child – mentally and emotionally. He would get confused why he had two parents. 
                          But I knew what they were really afraid of. They were afraid that Zion's affection for them would transfer to us – as his biological parents.
                          We were at the park in Georgia, having a picnic.  We couldn't take Zion outside Georgia or else the Gonzales wouldn't like that. Roberto Gonzales even insisted that we should return Zion after three hours.
                          We didn't have a problem with Roberto's wife, Edna. She seemed so nice and understood our situation. But with Roberto, he was difficult to talk with. If possible, he didn't want us near Zion. He made it clear to us that Zion was a Gonzales and would never be a Petrakis.
                          "Here, drink some water Zion so you won't have a sorethroat." I gave him a cup of water and he drank it all without any spill. 
                          "Here's your requests young man, corndog and popcorn." Eros arrived holding three sticks of corndogs and a bucket of popcorn he bought from the cart vendors at the park.
                          "Yeyyy!!! Gimme... gimmeee..." Zion jumped reaching for the corn dogs and popcorn. 
                          "Wait son, you'll get burn. These corndogs are still hot. I'll give this to your mom first, okay?"
                          I took the corndogs and put it on a plate to let it cool down a bit. 
                          Eros sat down on the ground and still holding the bucket of cheese flavoured popcorn – eating. Zion sat beside him, reaching for the popcorn. 
                          Tears of joy suddenly welled in my eyes. My heart lifted with happiness seeing Eros and Zion together. 
                          Father and son. 


My boys. 
                          My world.
                          My life.
                          Eros looked so happy. He was very patient playing with Zion, caring and loving him. His words were very gentle when he talked to our son – gone were the lordly authoritative stubborn boss in the office. 
                          Eros easily made Zion felt so comfortable with him – us. I couldn't believe that he could be a very playful dad and sometimes even acted like a kid.
                          Later that afternoon, Eros and Zion flew a kite together. Then Eros taught Zion how to kick and catch a ball... They had so much fun.  
                          I had so much fun watching them also. 
                          "I'll buy you an electronic car next time, do you like that? Or you want a bicycle?" I heard Eros said. 
                          When we arrived at the Gonzales house this early afternoon, Eros gave Zion an iPad. He spent last night buying too many children games and educational apps in the App store and downloaded it in Zion's iPad. He finished it at around midnight already.
                          "Can I get both, daddy?"
                          "Of course son. What else do you like?"
                          "Um... I like a toy gun." Zion replied.
                          "A toy gun? Ok... do you like to be a policeman when you grow up?" Eros asked Zion.
                          "Yeah... like a soldier."
                          "A soldier?"
                          "With big guns and big tanks."
                           "What?! NO. No way son..." Eros said. "You're going to be like me, a CEO."
                          "A See-Yo? What's that daddy?"
                          Oh no, Eros. I stood up and went towards them. I couldn't believe Eros was saying this to Zion. He was still four years old and wouldn't understand this things. For goodness sake.
                          "Honey.... What are you doing???" I glared at Eros.
                          "OH... I..." Eros stammered and looking so guilty at me.  
                          "I think its too early to talk about our son's profession when he grows up, right?" He's only four years old. I mouthed at him.
                          "Sorry sweetheart, I got carried away." He chuckled.
                          After three hours, we took Zion back to their home. I felt so sad all of a sudden. Three hours were not enough to spend time with our son – I wished it would be a day, a year or a lifetime.
                          
                          
                          Eros
                          
                          I cooked Jade's favorite dish, Buffalo wings. But she just tasted it. She didn't have an appetite to eat dinner.
                          She was acting like this since we left Georgia this afternoon. Very silent. When I asked her something, she just answered in monosyllable.
                          She was so sad. She wanted to spend more time with Zion.
                          I felt sad too. Looking at her like this made me sadder. But there's nothing that I could do about it – Mr. Gonzales wouldn't compromise with us.
                          I offered him a job in New York – any job he knew with a very good salary, a new house and a car, but he declined. He reasoned out that he had a loyalty to the school he was working as a bus driver at the moment. It was clear that he wouldn't accept any money from us, no matter how big it was.
                          "Do you think it's a good idea to buy a house in Georgia?" I sipped on my wine.
                          Jade's face lit up, but it was only temporary, it switched off again. "But your job is in New York."
                          "We could stay in Georgia every weekend. Let's say... we'll leave here in New York every Friday afternoon, then come back every Monday morning."
                          "Do you think that's possible?"
                          "Of course, sweetheart. We'll make it happen." I assured her. "So, I'll ask Iñigo tomorrow if they have a property for sale in Georgia?"
                          "Oh...." She smiled a little, then tears started falling on her cheeks.
                          "Sweetheart, you're crying again." I put my fork and knife down and about to stand up, when she stood up too and went towards me. 
                          She sat down on my lap and put her arms around my neck. "Stop crying sweetie... everything will be fine. We'll just do what the Gonzales wants as of now, then later on... maybe they will allow us to spend more time with Zion."
                          She nodded and kissed my cheek. "I don't understand why I'm so sensitive nowadays. I get so emotional and cries easily."
                          "Is that what they called PMS?"
                          "You know about PMS?"
                          "Yeah. Donovan told me about it." I chuckled. "There was a time you were so mad at me, he said you had PMS."
                          "Men..."
                          I caressed her waist, then her thighs. "You need to eat, sweetheart." I grabbed a buffalo wing with my fingers on my plate and put it on Jade's mouth. "Come on, eat."
                          "Um... mmm... I'm not... really hungry." She said while chewing the meat.
                          I ate the remaining of the buffalo wing and licked my fingers. "Baby, you'll be needing your energy. We'll not be doing a missionary position tonight."
                          "Oh." Jade's eyes widened. "You are shameless and naughty, Mr. Petrakis."
                          "Ahh... only because you are so damn sexy as a pin-up girl, Mrs. Petrakis." 
                          ***
                          In the early hours of the morning, sleepily, I rolled over on bed to reach for Jade, but I found a cool empty space. I sat upright, listening for any sounds of her moving inside the bathroom. 
                          I heard her groaning, gagging and coughing – as if she was throwing up.
                          I immediately left the bed and ran towards the bathroom. "Jade! Are you Okay?"
                          I saw her kneeling on the floor in front of the toilet bowl – vomiting.
                          "I'm sick."
                          I knelt down beside her and caressed her back up and down. "We need to see a doctor."
                          "I... I think I'm pregnant."
                          Pregnant? Jade is pregnant? 
                          Speechless. Stunned. 
                          Suddenly a thought of our children occurred to me. A little girl with glassy eyes, cheeky smile and red hair like Jade... or a little boy with a very serious expression, dark brown hair and brilliant blue eyes – just like me and Zion... Zion would be very delighted.
                          "YES! I'm going to be a dad again!"  I shouted at the top of my lungs with so much joy.
                          
                          --Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your friends--
                          
                          Love and Kisses,
                          Neilani Alejandrino
                          a.k.a. sweetdreamer33

Book II - Chapter 3

                  
                          Chapter Three (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here-
                          
                          "Your love for me is flawless, your commitment impeccable. Your only concern is my happiness, you make me feel so special. I love you." - from: Wishesmessages.com
                          
                          Jade
                          "Are you okay now?" Eros was holding my hair out of my face then transferred his other hand to my back, rubbing it gently.
                          "Not yet, oh God..." I gagged again and throw up the spaghetti that I've just eaten. 
                          It was midnight and I was craving for spaghetti. Eros didn't hesitate cooking it for me. He made it so special, just as I wanted it - sweet with mushrooms and pineapples. 
                          I haven't eaten well for days because of the waves of nausea I felt every morning and sometimes - at nights. I became thinner and weak. Eros became so worried of me.
                          Almost every morning, I was nauseatic. It became a routine, running towards the bathroom to throw up. Eros would follow me and help me ease the sickness by rubbing and caressing my back, then said soothing words of love and affection - anything to make me feel better.
                          "I wish I'm the one who's sick. I can't bear seeing you like this." Eros kissed my hair and hugged me, pressing my back on his chest. "I'm sorry you're experiencing this sweetheart."
                          "I'ts okay, I'm a bit better now." I sighed then leaned my back on him. 
                          "Thanks God." He hugged me tightly and buried his face on my neck. "I wonder if our baby is a girl or a boy."
                          I smiled, feeling the excited of our baby. "What do you prefer, a boy or a girl?"
                          "I don't have any gender preference. I love our baby already - whether a boy or a girl, as long as he or she is healthy. What about you?"
                          "I feel the same way. It's important that our baby is healthy."
                          "Then you have to eat well, sweetheart. Our baby won't be healthy if you're not eating well." 
                          "I'm trying my best to eat. But I just can't control the waves of nausea that suddenly hits me." I moved out of his arms. I washed my hands and brushed my teeth.
                          He put his hands on my shoulders, massaging me gently and deliciously.
                          "The morning sickness I felt when I had Zion were bearable... now, it's terrible." I said to him. 
                          "Oh-oh! Tsk.. tsk."
                          "What do you mean oh-oh?" I frowned at him.
                          "Maybe our baby has red hair like yours and inherited your.... temper." Eros teased me.
                          "Oh really!" I glared at him then rinsed my mouth with water.
                          He laughed at me now, enjoying in making me angry. "But sweetheart, that attracts me also, that red-hair temper of yours. You still manage to look so beautiful when you're angry."
                          "You're crazy, Mr. Petrakis." I took a towel and wiped my mouth. My eyes were looking at him in the mirror.
                          "Yes I am." He gave me a seductive smile and his eyes looked so dreamy.
                          "I know that look..."
                          "What look?" He grinned at me.
                          "That look in your face." I laughed then ran back to the bedroom.


He chased after me and caught me immediately - I was giggling and struggling to get out of his arms. But he knew my weakness and I easily gave in to him. We tumbled in bed together and once again we made an earthshaking love.
                          ***
                          The following morning, we were in the bathroom again.
                          "You should take the anti-emetic prescription that your OB gave you."
                          "No way. I told you, I won't be taking any meds. It would harm our baby."
                          "It wouldn't. The OB assured us that it's safe."
                          "Honey, I won't take the risk." I wiped my mouth with a towel then went back to the bedroom.
                          "Then at least, follow the natural remedies that she suggested."
                          "I did."
                          "You didn't." He firmly said. 
                          I stared at him leaning on the bathroom door frame, looking so sinfully sexy, wearing only a gray and white boxer shorts.
                          I shrugged my shoulders. To be honest, I sometimes forgot following my OB's advised to alleviate the feeling of nausea in the morning: to munch on crackers in the morning before sitting up on bed and lying in bed for 15 to 20 minutes to help absorb the gastric juices in the stomach and bring up my blood sugar... etc.
                          "We need to hire a nutritionist."
                          "A nutritionist? What for?"
                          "To monitor your health, your diet... so you won't get so sick."
                          "Honey, there's no need to. It's just a waste of money. I can take care of myself. I've been through this before."
                          "Sweetheart, let's not argue about this. I just wanted to make sure that you and our baby are healthy and get the best of care."
                          "No way. I'm fine." I said stubbornly.
                          "You're not fine. I'm worried sick about you already. You're not eating well."
                          "This is normal for the first three months. One month more and this will be over." I replied.
                          "Please, I insist. You need a nutritionist." He said in his most authoritatvie voice - and that made my temper flared up.
                          "Okay fine, whatever you say. You're always the boss here. I'm not even allowed to express my own opinion." I said to him spitefully.
                          "What? I didn't mean it that way.... For Christ's sake." He rolled his eyes. "Slow down baby, that raging hormones of yours plus that gorgeous red-hair temper are getting under my nerves."
                          "It's true!" I blurted at him. I didn't know what came over me, I wanted him to be angry also.
                          "It's not true baby, you know it." He moved closer to me until he was just an arm length away. "We won't hire a nutritionist if you feel bad about it. If you say NO, then it's no. I won't force you." He said in his most gentle tone.
                          My temper slowly mellowed down. I nodded my head and looked down at the floor. I felt so guilty saying those things to him, I didn't even mean any of it. What is wrong with me?
                          He caressed my cheek and slowly pulled me in his arms. "I'm not your boss, I'm your husband. And it doesn't matter who the boss is in this house, as long as we end the day loving each other. I love you so much.... and our baby. I'm sorry if I'm so bossy. It's just that, I feel so sad seeing you sick and unhealthy. I want to take care of you and do everything to stop this morning sickness. If I could only switch places with you, then I would."


I snuggled in his arms, pressing myself closer to him. "I'm sorry... I didn't mean what I've said... sorry." I looked up at him with puppy eyes.
                          He smiled and everything turned alright for us again.
                          
                          
                          Eros
                          Jade woke me up. I looked at the wall clock, it was midnight.
                          "Sweetheart... are you okay?" I sat up immediately. She was wide awake and just staring at me.
                          "I'm starving."
                          "Okay.  I'll cook spaghetti." I stood up to go to the kitchen and cook. It became a routine every night to cook spaghetti or make a tuna sandwich for her.
                          "No, I don't like spaghetti anymore."
                          "How about a sandwich?"
                          "No..."
                          "What do you want to eat, baby?"
                          "I'm craving for california maki."
                          "A califonia maki? But it's midnight."
                          "Yeah." She looked so disappointed. "I guess I'll just sleep this over."
                          "But you said you're starving. I'll make you a sandwich now, and tomorrow, I'll buy you a tray of california maki."
                          "No thanks. I don't like to eat anything. I just want california maki."
                          I heaved a sigh. 
                          I have to look for a California maki or else she would starve and our baby. I'm sure there's a 24/7 Japanese restaurant open out there.
                          "Don't worry baby, I'll buy you a california maki, okay? I'll be quick."
                          "Ohh... thank you honey. I love you so much." Jade's eyes lit up and she flung her arms around me.
                          I put my sweatpants and jacket quickly, then rushed outside.
                          It was after an hour when I found a 24/7 Japanese fastfood restaurant. Thanks goodness. 
                          I felt so happy and worried at the same time. Jade would be starving so badly now. I called her but she was not answering her phone. Maybe it was in a silent mode.
                          I arrived home and rushed to the bedroom. Jade was already sleeping. I hugged and kissed her gently to wake her - finally she stirred.
                          "I have your california maki in the kitchen." I whispered on her ear.
                          "Oh.. really? Thank you honey." Her eyes opened wide, looking so excited. She kissed me and leaped out of bed, heading to the kitchen. 
                          I followed her. I felt so happy that I made her happy. It was like winning a race - a big achievement, like closing a major business deal.
                          I was shocked seeing Jade eating heartily, and more shocked when she finished eating the forty pieces califonia maki in a flash - as if she've never eaten in a month!
                          I just hope that she wouldn't throw up everything in the morning. But I was possible that she would.
                          When I woke up in the morning, Jade was still sleeping. I slowly creeped out of bed and went to the bathroom to take a shower. 
                          Jade was already sitting up on bed, smiling, when I went out of the bathroom.
                          "Good morning sweetheart. You look so beautiful staring at me like that. No morning sickness?"
                          "I feel so much better now. I think I overcome it already."
                          "Oh... that's great." I gave her a teasing smile - staring back at her.
                          "I'm so happy." She said.
                          "Me too... you don't know how happy I am sweetheart." I moved slowly towards her.
                          "Oh-oh, I know that look."
                          I smiled at her. She started to know me so well. How easily I got so aroused just staring at her. I couldn't help it, she looked so beautiful, seductive and alluring. It was so hard to take my eyes and hands off her. I love her and I love making love with her. She's my everything... everything is Jade.
                          "I miss our tumble in bed in the morning, baby." I removed the white towel around my waist and let it fell on the floor.
                          "Oh...." Jade gasped.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to Vote, Comment and Share to your friends.***
                          Love and Kisses,
                          Neilani Alejandrino
                          a.k.a. sweetdreamer33
                          
                          Kindly read also "EXCLUSIVELY MINE" - love story of Eros' Parents, Markos Petrakis and Nina Peres
                          

Author's Note

Did you enjoy reading THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED? If you want to continue reading about Eros, Jade and Zion... I created a new book here in Wattpad, THE GIRL HE EVER NOTICED (TGHNN Book 2). 
                          Here's the link: https://www.wattpad.com/story/52976714-the-girl-he-ever-noticed-tghnn-book-2
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          What to expect in Book 2?
                          In THE GIRL HE EVER NOTICED (TGHNN Book 2), expect some more funny moments with Jade and Eros - the trials and challenges of their marriage... of course the naughtiness of Eros which we love most about him, Jade so naive and learning from Eros...  adjusting as a billionaire's wife, having a new baby... about Zion and his adopted parents... Zion growing up into a young man and later on his POV... and the rest of the cast, Sapphire, Kobe, Donovan, Ruby, Stella, The Gonzales, The whole Petrakis family - Markos, Nina, Chloe... The Monteiros, especially Eros' bestfriend, Iñigo Monteiro and many more.
                          Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart for reading THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED... for reaching more than 104 MILLION READS as of now, August 4, 2016.
                          This story was published under NEW ADULT POP FICTION Summit Media Publishing Company.
                          So, this is the end of BOOK 1: THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED.
                          AND new beginning for Eros, Jade and Zion... in BOOK 2: THE GIRL HE EVER NOTICED.
                          THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE, I love you all!
                          Lovelots, 
                          Sweetdreamer33
                          
                          
                          
                          Please grab a copy of my other published book under SIZZLE Summit Media Books 
                          MY POSSESSIVE BILLIONAIRE
                          by: Neilani Alejandrino a.k.a.  sweetdreamer33 
                          (English, P195)
                          Available nationwide in bookstores, convenience stores and online via with digital copies available for download via @buqoapp.
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          
                          List of my WATTPAD stories:
                          MY POSSESSIVE BILLIONAIRE (Published under Summit Media Publishing Co.)
                          LUCAS' REVENGE
                          EXCLUSIVELY MINE
                          CATCH ME
                          THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED (Published under Summit Media Publishing Co.)
                          THE GIRL HE EVER NOTICED - (Sequel of TGHNN)
                          TAMING THE BITCH
                          RUNAWAY FIANCEÉ
                          THE SINS OF THE PAST
                          INVITATION TO SIN (Sequel of TSOTP)
                          
                          If you haven't VOTED yet in every chapter... please do. It would make me so happy. 
                          Thanks.
                          Love and kisses,
                          sweetdreamer33

100 Million Reads

Hello Readers and Followers.
                          I want to thank you all for the 100 Million Reads of THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED here in Wattpad and for making it to the Viral List.
                          I'm so happy for all your love and support. For loving the characters of Jade Collins and Eros Petrakis. For continue reading their stories in the sequel THE GIRL HE EVER NOTICED - and loving the characters of their kids, Zion and Emerald. I will continue writing their story and make all of you happy.
                          To Wattpad, thank you so much. You help me in making my dream to become a writer come true. Thank you for making me part of your Wattpad Star Program and thank you for the opportunities.
                          Love and kisses,
                          sweetdreamer33
                          
                          
                          Anyways, here's your favorite characters, they want to say something to their fans too.
                          Eros: Hi. I'm Eros Petrakis. In behalf of my family... my wife [lacing his fingers to his wife, Jade] and my kids, thank you to all our wattpad readers for loving us and making our story viral in wattpad.
                          Jade: Yeah. Thanks also to the author, Miss Neilani for writing the story.
                          Eros: Of course honey. Thank you so much sweetdreamer33.
                          Me: You're welcome Eros and Jade.
                          Jade: We would like to thank also all our Facebook followers. For the beautiful bookcovers, fanarts and banners. We love all of it. You can send us more by posting it in sweetdreamer33 fanpage or fan group.
                          Zion: Mom, can I ask something?
                          Jade: Of course.
                          Zion: Do I have my own story?
                          Me: Of course, Zion. I will make your story after I'll finish the Runaway Fiancee.
                          Zion: Cool! I can't wait. I want it to be a horror, sci-fic and full of action story.
                          Me: Sorry, I only do romance-comedy stories. 
                          Emerald: I want my story too! Can I be a princess?
                          Me: Hmm... I don't know. Maybe or maybe not.
                          Emerald: F*ck you!
                          Eros: Tsk.. tsk... Emerald, that's a very bad word. Sorry sweetdreamer33. We told her to stop using the F-word already [He nudged Jade and whispered something to her].
                          Jade: We're really working on it. She needs time to forget the word.
                          Me: It's okay. Any parting words to your fans Jade? Before we'll end this?
                          Jade: Um.. [twisting her fingers] From the bottom of our hearts, thank you everyone, especially to the one reading this right now... you..i mean you... we love you and please continue supporting the stories of the Petrakis family from our parents' story, Markos Petrakis and Nina Peres in Exclusively Mine to the latest story The Girl He Ever Noticed and soon...  the stories of our kids Zion and Emerald.
                          Eros: Don't forget also to read and support the story of my sister Chloe Petrakis and my best friend Inigo Monteiro in Catch Me... and of course all of sweetdreamer33 stories. 
                          Me: Thank you so much readers and Wattpad. Bye!
                          Zion: Bye! 
                          Jade: We love you. Bye!
                          Eros: 100 million reads! Yes! Thanks Wattpad!
                          Emerald: I don't wanna go yet...
                          Kendra Packer: Oh gosh... I'm late? Can I say something?
                          Eros: Nope. We're done.
                          Cameras out. Lights off.
                          
                          
                          

Book II - Chapter 4

Chapter Four (UNEDITED)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlist here-                   
                          "Someone who truly loves you, sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, and how hard you can be to handle, but still wants you." - from: meet the best you, Pinterest
                          Jade
                          I woke up feeling so heavy. I looked at the wall clock. It was already 8:00 a.m.
                          We arrived here in Georgia last night. My heart suddenly felt so heavy after knowing that we couldn't see Zion this weekened. The Gonzales were going to attend a wedding in Atlanta - again.
                          It had been two months since we last saw Zion and to think that we started spending time here in our new house every weekened since two months ago.
                          At first, we understood because they went for a long vacation in the Philippines - for a month. But when they were back, they were always away every weekend, spending time with their family, relatives and friends.
                          Eros bought this beautiful modern house in Georgia for us to be near with Zion - so we could spend every weekend with him. But we felt that the Gonzales deprived us in seeing him. It was very frustrating for us.
                          I told Eros several times that we just have to be patient. You know my husband, he was not the most patient man in the world. He was very upset and wanted to fight for Zion's custody again. He wanted to call his lawyers and file a case immediately. He started pressing numbers on his phone when I stopped him.
                          I knew we would win the custody of Zion. I have no doubt about that. I knew Eros' capabilities. He wouldn't stop until he won the fight. He is a Petrakis. And Petrakis men were known to be strong, powerful and a fighter.
                          Filing a case and dragging Zion to court would be too messy. It could traumatize him. He loved his adoptive parents - more than us. We haven't established a strong bond with him yet. If he would choose now, he would definitely choose them. And if he was older, he would probably be mad on us for upsetting his adoptive parents...  or do worse, hate us.
                          I sat upright on bed, slowly. My tummy was getting heavy and I was gaining weight. I felt tired easily. I experienced heartburn, mild shortness of breath, frequent urination, tender/swollen breasts and leg cramps. My doctor said these were normal because I was six months pregnant already.
                          I loved to eat. I was always hungry. I craved for Eros' pancakes with whipped cream and strawberries on top every morning. During dinner, I loved his buffalo wings. But I have a nutritionist who took care of my diet and for what's good for the baby.
                          I rubbed my tummy and looked at Eros' side of the bed. It was empty.
                          I moved out of the bed slowly and walked to the window facing the backyard.
                          There I saw him - the love of my life, Eros.
                          He was shovelling the dirt in the backyard. He was landscaping a garden and making pathways... I don't know he won't tell me. He said it was a surprise. He was into it every weekend and he seemed enjoying every minute of it.
                          I studied the muscle lines of his shoulders, chest and arms - so evident that he was exerting too much energy.  He was flushing and his sweat glistened on his skin. He was wearing only his low-waist worn out faded Levis, that showed his tempting abdominal V lines. How I loved to run my hands on that area, going lower and lower... and how he groaned aloud with the touch of my fingertips. Like last night...
                          He seemed to notice me watching him. He looked up and smiled at me. He waved and gave me a flying kiss. I caught his kiss and planted on my lips, then I gave him a flying kiss in return.


Eros stretched his muscular body. He rolled one shoulder and his head to ease his tiredness. He signalled me to wait upstairs then put the shovel aside. He washed his hands and arms using the mechanical hose connected to the faucet outside and used his gray shirt to towel him dry. Men!
                          ***
                          "We should transfer in one of the rooms downstairs. It's not safe for you to go down the stairs every now and then." Eros said while putting an egg and sausages on my plate.
                          "Honey, I'm fine with it. I'm pregnant not an invalid."
                          "Jade, sweetheart. It's not that... I just want you safe and our baby. Besides, you'll get tired going up and down all day."
                          "I love the view upstairs and read in the balcony. I feel like I'm so close to nature... and my OBGyne said that I need fresh air every morning, especially now that our baby is growing. I find it hard to breathe sometimes." I took a bite of my sausage and ate it heartily.
                          "Okay, if that's what you want." He leaned towards me and planted a kiss on my temple. "BUT, you need to be careful. I'm not comfortable thinking about the stairs. I'm bothered."
                          "I'm fine, sweetie. Stop making so much fuss about it. These stairs is nothing compared to the convent. My bedroom was in the third floor. Imagine everyday I have to go down every meal until I was nine months pregnant. Besides, it was a good exercise too."
                          Eros frowned, obviously didn't like what he heard. I knew him so well. He disagreed with me but decided not to argue about it.
                          "Anyway, I love the maternity dresses that mom Nina gave me yesterday. But it just too many."
                          "Don't worry honey. Just save the others for your next pregnancy." He teased me.
                          "Oh really Mr. Petrakis... you want me to be pregnant again? I thought we will have two kids only."
                          "Baby, there's a quote: The more the merrier. Besides you were the first one who suggested to have four kids. You only changed your mind during your first trimester of pregnancy."
                          "Aawww... this pregnancy is not easy, I wonder why."
                          "I have a feeling I know why."
                          "Why?"
                          "Hmm.. you will know when you see our baby." He laughed aloud.
                          
                          Eros
                          "What did he say?"
                          "He doesn't need money, particularly your money." Donovan said over the phone.
                          "But he asked me before." I rubbed my head vigoriously, feeling so frustrated and upset. I remembered Roberto Gonzales asked me for money on the eve of my wedding with Jade. And I gave him a check rightaway without any questions. He said he was going to pay it - and I told him he didn't have to, it was just a little amount. No one knew about it - only Mr. Gonzales, dad, Donovan and I.
                          "Yeah. Ten thousand bucks. He said he'll pay you soon." Donovan replied.
                          "For heaven's sake. It's not about the money. We wanted to see our son!"
                          "I told him about that. But he said he was insulted that you have to offer him money in order to see Zion."
                          "Damn him. He knows how desperate we are. We wanted to see Zion and he was making it difficult for us."
                          "He said you can see Zion soon. But not now. He will just tell you when and where. You need to wait."
                          Wait. Waiting again and again. We'd waited for two months already.
                          My temper flared easily. The nerve of that man. He knew we wanted to spend time with our son, so badly. He knew that we would agree to his terms. He knew that we didn't have a choice. He was taking this on his own advantage.
                          "That son of a bitch! He wanted to call all the shots. He was doing this on purpose, hanging us. I'm going to call my lawyer and file custody for Zion."
                          "Tsk... tsk... I won't sir, if I were you. Mrs. Petrakis won't like that."
                          I heaved a sigh and thought of Jade. I felt so defeated at that moment. "I know."
                          I remembered a time I offered Mr. Gonzales a billion dollar in exchange of full custody of Zion - and no messy court trials. But he rejected my offer, saying that he didn't need a billion dollar because Zion was worth a lot more than that.
                          I couldn't help but became very suspicious of him. Maybe he wanted more... too much more money. He knew Zion was the heir of the Petrakis fortune.
                          Whatever his plan is, he won't succeed. I'll make sure of that.
                          ***
                          Later in the afternoon I was at the backyard again. I was satisfied looking at my accomplishment that day.
                          Just a little bit more and all of these would be done.
                          I looked at the shipment that arrived this afternoon, hidden inside the tent. I smiled, feeling satisfied.
                          Tomorrow. I'm going to wake up very early.
                          ***Don't forget to vote, comment and share to your friends***

Book II - Chapter 5

Chapter Five (UNEDITED)
                          "A perfect man is the one who gives you that beautiful feeling of knowing that your loving heart is safe with him today, tomorrow and the rest of your life."
                          - from: Aarti Khurara, https://www.facebook.com/LoveQuotesAndSayings
                          Jade
                          "You can't see Zion anymore." Mr. Roberto Gonzales said angrily.
                          "No! He's my son..."
                          "You gave him away, remember? You are not his mother anymore!"
                          "Please don't do this to me... I'm begging you. I need to see him..." I cried so hard and knelt in front of Mr. Gonzales, grasping the edge of his shirt.
                          He pushed my hands away, stepping backward then looked at his car behind him.
                          I followed his eyes and saw Zion inside the car, at the backseat. He was crying and was staring at me.  He was saying something but I couldn't hear him, the car windows were closed. I tried to read his mouth, but I couldn't understand.
                          What is he saying? And why is he crying?
                          "You are not getting Zion. He is our son!"
                          I shifted my eyes back to Mr. Gonzales. "I'm not taking him away from you. Please... I just want to be with him for a while."
                          "Stay away from him! You are bothering my family. He has his own life now - with us."
                          Mr. Gonzales went inside his car and I took the opportunity to grab the handle of the car door to get Zion out. But it was closed. I was desperate and my hands ached already from grasping the door handle.
                          "Open the door Zion, come on, push the unlock button... please...my baby."
                          But Zion was crying harder now. I understood him mouthing Mommy. Help. Help mommy.
                          He was asking for help. I tried to read his mouth again but I couldn't understand the rest of his sentence. Then his eyes turned to Mrs. Edna Gonzales who was sitting beside Mr. Gonzales at the front seat, sleeping. I wondered why she was oblivious of what was happening inside the car.
                          Mr. Gonzales started the car and I knocked the glass windows with my hands until it hurt so badly. I was desperate, but I couldn't break the glass.
                          The car started moving. I heard Zion now, saying so clearly. "Mommy... help mommy... help..." He succeeded in opening the car window and stretched his arms towards me. But the car was moving faster now, that I was able to touch the tips of his fingers only.
                          "No... no... no... Zion..." I ran faster, reaching for Zion's hands. But I couldn't keep up with the pace of the car, it was moving so fast until it was out of my sight.
                          I cried miserably feeling so defeated and alone in a lonely dark road. I shouted Zion's name then I woke up.
                          Oh God... I continued crying. I touched my eyes and felt my tears. I was sobbing and finding hard to breathe, then I inhaled deeply trying to calm my nerves.
                          My dream seemed so real. Something is wrong with Zion. He was crying and calling for help in my dream. I have a feeling that something is going on... BUT, it was only a dream.
                          I looked at Eros' side of the bed. It was empty. Then, I checked the time at the wall clock, it was already eight thirty in the morning. I knew he was in the backyard, landscaping the garden again. He always did that every morning, whenever we were here in Georgia.
                          I felt so weary. My dream made me so weak. I laid down for awhile, rubbing my growing stomach at the same time. Then I felt my baby moved.
                          "Shhh... It's okay baby... it's okay. We'll be fine." I was thinking of Zion and my dream. It was only a dream, for heaven's sake - it's not real. I should not think much about it. But I couldn't help it, at the back of my mind, I was a bit disturbed.


After ten minutes, I stood up and went to the balcony. I saw my husband, Eros - so busy gardening.
                          My goodness! He was planting shrubs.
                          My heart leaped with excitement. Where did all that shrubs came from? It was too many. He already covered half of the soil he cultivated with shrubs.
                          I was thinking of beautiful flowers... roses, daisies, tulips, lillies and poinsettias... so many flowers in different colors like a rainbow... but I loved roses more.
                          I was suddenly overwhelmed with happiness that I forgot about my dream.
                          Eros made me so happy. I felt so loved by him... and I loved him with all my heart.
                          Eros' face was flushed, as well as his arms. A portion of his white shirt was wet because of his sweat. His dark hair even glistened by the sunrays. He looked so sturdy with strong masculine physique working there, digging dirt - with his gloves hands and boots covered with mud.
                          I wanted to go there, where he was working... to bring him water and a towel. To wipe the sweat off his face, to hug him and kiss him - so I could show him how much I loved him and that I appreciated his effort of making our garden.
                          But - he wouldn't allow me to go there in the backyard. The ground was slippery and too risky for me, being pregnant.
                          Eros
                          Jade loved roses and I wanted to plant many kinds of roses for her with different colors, red, pink, peach, orange, lavender, burgundy, coral and blue. They would grow and flourish beautifully and their scents would fill the air like perfume... a perfume of my love for her. She would be smiling at me and loving all the gifts I planted for her.
                          The shrubs of roses were shipped here in Georgia with extra care. These were rare and hard to find roses coming from different countries: China, India, North Africa, Europe, Burma and North America. I chose the variety of beautiful rose shrubs that could survive to the climate here in Georgia.
                          The roses were very special... but what made it more special was that... I planted all of it for Jade.
                          It was almost noontime when I finished planting all the rose shrubs. I felt so satisfied looking at the garden. I could visualize that in a few months from now the backyard would be full of lovely blooming roses in different colors. And that would bring our house more beauty and a happy place to live in.
                          Jade would be delighted... she loved roses... and Zion and our coming baby would love the bright colors and the fresh scents of the flowers - they would be playing gleefully in the garden.
                          Thinking about the future filled me with happiness that I didn't even feel a bit of tiredness.
                          "Honey... thank you so much for working so hard for our garden. I wanted to help you but with my condition right now..." Jade said over lunch.
                          "Jade sweetie, you don't have to. The garden is my gift for you."
                          "Ohhh... Eros. Thank you." She stood up and sat on my lap, kissing my lips then hugging me so tightly.
                          I loved it when she sat on my lap. I could hold her body so close to mine and run my hands to her growing stomach. She was so beautiful and the baby inside her was a miracle from God.
                          "Did you plant rose shrubs?"
                          I grinned at her. "I won't tell you."
                          "Come on, honey... tell me... I know you're planting roses... just tell me the color? Red or pink."
                          "I'm not telling you, just wait until it blooms."
                          "Awwweee...."
                          "Be patient, baby." I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled it down gently, exposing her neck to my lips.
                          ***
                          During the afternoon, Jade and I were in our bedroom, resting. She was watching YouTube in our 84-inch Internet TV.
                          "What is it about that asian guy? He's talking nonsense."
                          "Shhh... stop complaining. I enjoy watching him. He's so funny." Jade giggled with laughter at what the guy was talking about.
                          "How could he has fifteen million YouTube subscribers? He's just making funny stupid and random videos... look at him, he's making funny ugly faces, wearing stupid things... and what the hell is a parkourse?"
                          "It's like an obstacle course." She grabbed a handful of popcorn and eat it. "I can't really explain it, but just watch it honey, it's so funny."
                          "Sweetheart, you should watch beautiful videos and movies or listen to soothing music... something that is good for the baby. Not this kind of stuff. I noticed you've been watching this... HIM... for weeks already. What if our baby will be like him."
                          "Ohh... that would be great. Look at him, he's adorable and has sense of humor."
                          I rolled my eyes and decided to continue watching the videos with her. After an hour, I started enjoying it too. I understood what parkourse was all about and tried some obstacles - mostly I succeeded... but unfortunately I broke a vase.
                          Jade and I were laughing together, eating popcorn and had so much fun.
                          "See? You like Ryan Higa too." She laughed and hugged me so tightly.
                          We cuddled the rest of the afternoon and made love. She looked more beautiful now, her skin was glowing, silky and soft to touch. She was more busty and voluptuous. And what I love most in her pregnancy, was that she was always in the mood for love making. Her hormones were in shamble and she always felt hot.
                          But I have to be gentle with her. She needed special attention in love making. She bruised easily now, so rough and outrageous love making positions were out.
                          ***
                          We were getting ready for dinner when one of our housekeepers knocked our bedroom door.
                          "What is it, Maria?" Jade asked when I opened the door.
                          "You have a visitor Maam."
                          "A visitor?" Jade looked at me. "Are you expecting someone, honey?"
                          "No." I shook my head. Who could be visiting us at night time here in Georgia? Maybe a relative of Jade.
                          Jade's eyebrows furrowed then turned to Maria. "Who is it?"
                          "It's your son, Zion."

Official Playlist


                          
                          THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED
                          By: Neilani Alejandrino 
                          (a.k.a. sweetdreamer33)
                          
                          
                          Official Playlist
                          
                          ·      Thinking Out Loud by Ed Sheeran
                          ·      God Gave Me You by Bryan White
                          ·      So Close by Jon McLaughlin
                          ·      Back At One by Brian McKnight
                          ·      Just A Kiss by Lady Antebellum
                          ·      Skinny Love by Ed Sheeran
                          ·      Kiss Me Slowly by Parachute
                          ·      Photograph by Ed Sheeran
                          ·      Nothing's Gonna Stop Us by Starship
                          ·      A Thousand Years by Christina Perri

Book II - Chapter 6

                  
                          Chapter Six (UNEDITED)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlist here-
                          
                          "A man will do whatever it takes if he genuinely cares about you. A man who truly Loves you will never ignore you nor will he make you feel unwanted. He will never stop texting you, no matter how busy he is. He will be the first one to make up with you after a fight. He will take the time from his busy schedule to surprise you. He will never leave you crying or sad."  - Facebook, lifelovequotesandsayings.
                          
                          
                          Jade
                          "Zion?" I looked at Eros. He was stunned as I was. "Zion is here?"
                          "Yes maam. He's with Mr. Grant." Maria replied  then excused herself.
                          I couldn't believe what I heard. I was overwhelmed with happiness. 
                          "Honey..." I immediately stood up from the vanity chair and rushed towards Eros, who was standing by the door. Eros enclosed me with his arms, then drew me towards the stairs.
                          "I thought they're in Atlanta to attend a wedding."
                          "Maybe they arrived early." Eros' eyes brightened with happiness. He kept his arms around me while we went downstairs.
                          Zion was outside the foyer with Donovan.
                          My heart lurched the moment I saw him. I couldn't explain what I felt. A mixture of extreme happiness and yet, there was sadness.
                          Zion was sitting on a brick stone with his head bent down. His small hands were covering his face. It looked like he was crying. Why?
                          "Zion!"
                          Zion's face went up. I was right, he was crying. His face were stricken with tears and instantly it caused me pain, seeing him so sad.
                          "Mommy." Zion's voice trembled.
                          "Oh... my baby." I rushed towards Zion. I knelt down in front of him and embraced him. 
                          Eros was following behind me. Then he engulfed Zion and I in his arms. I couldn't help myself, I cried too – because of too much happiness. We were reunited once again.
                          Eros kissed my temple, then kissed Zion's head. I knew Eros was overwhelmed with happiness also. I could see tears pooling in his eyes. He was a tough guy, but his heart softens when it comes to his loved ones.
                          Finally, we saw Zion again - we could hold him... kiss him... talk to him... and spend time with him again. We were overjoyed.
                          "Mr. Gonzales dropped him off at the gate." Donovan said behind us. "I asked him what made him change his mind, but he said he didn't have time to talk, he was in a hurry."
                          "What's wrong. Is there an emergency?" Eros stood up and faced Donovan.
                          "I don't think so. He didn't mention about having an emergency. But he said that Zion haven't eaten yet and he can spend the night with you."
                          "Really?" I felt like there was a miracle happened. Like mana from heaven. I instantly remembered my dream that early morning. My dream turned out to be the opossite in real life.
                          "Yeah, that's what he said before he left."
                          "I'll call him later." Eros said to Donovan. "I want to know what's going on."


I kept holding Zion in my arms, afraid of letting him go. What if everything was just a dream? That if I blinked my eyes, he would be gone. I missed him so badly... my baby.
                          "Just don't make a fuss about it honey. I'm sure he just wanted us to spend time with Zion. It's been so long already."
                          Eros looked at me. I could sense that there was something going on inside that brain of his – he was suspicious of Mr. Gonzales' motive of dropping Zion here tonight.
                          He shook his head and knelt down beside Zion and I. He ran his hand on Zion's head then to his back – and kissed our baby's head again.
                          "Why are you crying, huh? Come here." Eros asked Zion, pulling Zion in his arms. "What's wrong? Are you hungry?" Eros stood up carrying Zion in one arm. Then helped me up – pulling me in his other arm.
                          "I think he's afraid of getting inside the house." Donovan said. "I told him that it's your new house. His dad Eros bought it. But he wouldn't believe me."
                          "You were afraid?" Eros asked Zion. But Zion was not responding. His eyes were roaming around.
                          "Oh my cute little boy. It's his first time here." I kissed Zion's hand, then wiped my mouth when I tasted something bad... I realized that his hand was dirty with mud. My goodness, where did he get that? I noticed his shirt and blue jeans were worn out and his old shoes were muddy.
                          "I have to go." Donovan said and checked his watch.
                          "How about joining us for dinner, Donovan."
                          "No, thanks Jade. I'm flying back to New York in a little while. I'm having dinner with your mom."
                          "Oh, that's great. Just send her my love."
                          "I will." Donovan said and left.
                          ***
                          "I think he needs a bath first before dinner." I said to Eros.
                          "He can have his bath afterwards, sweetheart. We're hungry, right big boy?"
                          "Yessss." Zion was smiling now. He was getting use to us once again. Eros was so good in making him laugh.
                          "Okay. Let's wash your hands first." I walked Zion to the kitchen. I attempted to carry him to reach the sink but Eros stopped me.
                          "No, don't do that sweetheart, you're pregnant. He's too heavy for you." Eros shook his head, looking at me disappointedly. He lifted Zion up to reach the sink and opened the faucet.
                          I put liquid soap on Zion's hands and rubbed it. But he pulled his hands away.
                          "I know how to wash my hands mommy."
                          I was surprised. He didn't seem to need my help. I looked at Eros, but he just shrugged his shoulders.
                          "He's a big boy, MOMMY." Eros mimicked Zion's 'mommy'  then kissed my lips.
                          I gave Zion a paper towel when Eros put him down. He managed to wipe his hands, his arms and his face.
                          Zion was full of surprises. There was a lot of things that I didn't know about him. As his mother, I missed his growing up years. I missed his first laugh, his first word, his first step... everything.
                          Zion said his prayers first before eating. He took his own food and ate in silence. When we asked him something, he just stared at us and answered in monosyllables. He wouldn't talk when his mouth was full. He was very well behaved and knew his table manners. I could say that the Gonzales really raised him well.
                          Eros on the other hand looked so amused of Zion. His expressions were funny and sometimes mouthed words like "I told you" "He's a big boy" "See?" when Zion was not looking. He was so proud of Zion, I could see it in his eyes.


"I'll show you a magic trick later, son."
                          "Yeyyy... I like magic." Zion replied.
                          "Really?" I asked Eros. I didn't know that he knew any magic trick.
                          "Of course sweetheart. A few tricks I learned in college."
                          When we were done eating, Zion immediately stood up and took his plate to the kitchen. Eros and I just stared at each other then decided to do the same.
                          After dinner, we showed Zion his bedroom. His eyes lit up seeing his bedroom especially the race car bed.
                          "You like it?" Eros asked Zion.
                          "Yeyyy!!!" Zion ran towards the bed and laid down, rolling his body onto it. Eros followed him and did the same. So funny that Eros was acting like a little boy. Zion was a miniature of him.
                          Zion grabbed a toy gun in a rack with soft bullets. He inspected it first then aimed the gun at a plastic decorative bottle on the table and pulled the trigger. He was happy when he hit the bottle and fell on the floor.
                          Eros got a toy gun also. He taught Zion how to aim and hit an object. Later on, they were aiming and shooting each other. They had fun. Laughing, running, hiding.... My boys.
                          I just sat on a chair in the corner of the room watching them. I was laughing all the time – enjoying watching them. Seeing them happy made me so happy also.
                          As promised, Eros showed Zion some magic coin tricks. Zion was so amazed, so do I. Eros was full of surprises. That's why I fell in love with him more and more everyday.
                          "How did you do that?" I asked Eros.
                          "Ah-ah... it's a secret." He winked at me.
                          Zion wouldn't stop from asking to learn the tricks. "Teach me... teach me daddy, please."
                          "Yep, I will. But first, you have to take your bath."
                          "Yes, daddy." Zion said pulling his shirt off. "I forgot to bring clothes, mommy."
                          "OH... you have plenty of clothes in your closet. I bought new clothes for you when we moved in here." I said, reassuring him. He looked so adorable getting worried of his clothes.
                          "Okayyy." He said.
                          I helped Zion take his bath. It gave me a sense of fulfillment as a mother being able to take care of his needs now. I wished I could make up the lost times and take care of him forever. But I knew, it would be impossible. 
                          After his bath,  I read him a bedtime story. I was glad that I included in my shopping list some books for Zion last week.
                          We were lying on his race car bed. My back ache so I shifted my position. Suddenly I felt pain on my leg.
                          "Ouch... Honey, I have leg cramps." I looked at Eros who was sitting on the small couch, working on his laptop.
                          Eros immediately stood up and knelt beside me. He straightened my leg slowly.
                          "Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!" I yelped.
                          Zion was staring at me with wide eyes. There was an odd expression on his face, like he was frightened. He stood up and leaped out of the bed. He came back and stood beside me.
                          "It's okay mommy. You'll be fine." He said. Then I felt a sharp pain on my upper arm. Like I was injected with a blunt syringe.
                          "OUCH!" I yelped.
                          "What's that?" Eros almost shouted.
                          Zion looked at me then at Eros guiltily. He was holding Eros' transparent white sign pen.
                          "What are you doing, son?" Eros asked Zion so gently - so he won't scare him.
                          "I'm sorry daddy. I thought mommy will be fine."
                          Oh my God. He was playing like a doctor – injecting me to get fine.
                          "It's okay, Zion, mommy is fine now. Right mommy?" Eros said to me.
                          "Yeah... yeah, I'm fine. It's just a leg cramp." Actually my leg cramps was fine, but my arm hurt a bit. I rubbed it with my fingertips.
                          Eros took the ballpen out of Zion's hand. "This is a pen. We use this for writing. This is not a... a...  syringe that doctors use to... to inject a patient."
                          I could see that Eros was really finding hard to explain to Zion without hurting his feelings.
                          "Mommy had leg cramps because pregnant women experience that."
                          "Pregnant?" Zion asked Eros then looked at me frowning.
                          "Yep. Mommy is having a baby."
                          "A baby?"
                          "Yes. Come closer. Feel my tummy. You can feel the baby moves." Just in time, the baby moved.
                          Zion immediately pulled out his hand. His expression changed – from fear to panic. He was looking at me so oddly.
                          "Mommy! How could you. You ate a baby!" He shouted and immediately cried.
                          It took awhile for Eros to explain to Zion about how babies were born – in a child's way. It was funny how he explained it using the bird, the bees and the flower.... Like he was telling a bedtime story.
                          Afterwards, we showed Zion the playroom attached to his bedroom. We decided to show it to him now, instead of tomorrow as Eros and I agreed during dinner, to divert his attention – forget about the baby thing.
                          He played with the toy car, rode the plastic bike, slid on the slide, jumped on the many plastic colored balls, climbed the rope and others. Eros played with him. They were having so much fun together.
                          After an hour, Zion looked so tired, so we went back to his room.
                          "Mommy?" Zion asked me.
                          "Yes, my baby boy?" I smiled at him adoringly.
                          "Can I go home now?"
                          Home? He wants to go home? But he is home now. 
                          Then I realized, he wanted to go home...  home to where he considered as his real home... with the Gonzales. 
                          My heart suddenly fell.
                          
                          Please show your support
                          *Vote, comment and share this story*
                          Thank you

Book II - Chapter 7

                  
                          Chapter Seven (UNEDITED)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlist here-
                          
                          "Love is a magical. It awakens our emotions but it's meaning varies from person to person. It holds the same attitude. Some people call it prayer, some take it as a passion, some believe that it is necessity of good life. You can not live with artificial feelings, you can not fake it. Time clears everything. In-fact love demands sacrifices, mutual-understanding, freedom and concern for one another. It grows naturally. You can not force anyone to love you. It just goes on itself. When it comes to us, our lives become so beautiful like heaven." --- quoteganga.blogspot.com/naughty-love-quotes
                          
                          
                          Eros
                          "Zion. Zion. Where are you? Zion!"
                          I woke up hearing Jade's voice. She seemed like in a panic. I opened my eyes and saw that Zion's bedroom door was open. Jade was outside, walking back and forth.
                          Last night, we slept here in Zion's room. A double bed was placed beside his bed for Jade and I to sleep in. He was crying last night and insisted to go home – to the Gonzales. I called Roberto Gonzales several times but his phone couldn't be reached. After an hour of coaxing Zion and telling him that we would bring him home first thing in the morning, he mellowed down and went to sleep.
                          "Babe, what's wrong?"
                          Jade stop pacing outside and looked at me. "Zion is gone!"
                          Gone? I stood up abruptly and looked around the room, particularly his bed. "Are you sure?"
                          "Yes!"
                          "Did you search in the playroom?"
                          "We did. The maids helped me search for him... but he's not everywhere in the house."
                          "What about outside?"
                          "I... I haven't told the guards yet." Jade gave me a frantic look. "I ought to let you know first."
                          Fear. Worried. Devastated. I felt at that moment, but I tried to hide it, for the sake of Jade. She would break down if I showed signs of weakness also. I was her wall, that she could lean on in times like this.
                          I hugged her and kissed her forehead. "Relax. We'll find him. He's just here somewhere."
                          I ran down the stairs, taking two steps at a time. "Zion. Zion!" I roared.
                          I went outside and summoned all the security guards. "Look for my son. As fast as you can. Anywhere. Everywhere. Even in the woods. Use the helicopter." I became desperate now. I wouldn't forgive myself if we couldn't find Zion.
                          I ran uptairs to change from my gray sweatpants and white shirt. I have to get my keys, phone and wallet also. I couldn't stay here in the house to wait. I have to go there outside to look for my son. I couldn't lose him. We couldn't lose him.
                          The door of Zion's bedroom was open and Jade was still there, pacing the room. She looked so pale and very anxious. I was afraid that she would collapse. The state she was in was not good for her pregnancy.
                          "Babe, relax, okay? We'll find him. I promise you that." I assured Jade and hugged her again. Her body relaxed and hugged me back tightly.
                          I kissed her lips and carried her to Zion's bed. She was so tense and her body were trembling. "I had a dream about Zion asking for help the other night...oh, I'm scared that it was like a premonition that something bad will happen."


"Jade, sweetie. That is only a dream. I want you to stay calm. You'll get stressed out and it's not good for our baby."
                          "Please honey. You've got to find him. I'm going to die if something happens to Zion."
                          "Shhh. Don't say that. I love you so much. Zion is fine. We'll find him. I'll do anything to find him." I kissed her lips again. "I have to go. I'm going to call Roberto Gonzales again."
                          She nodded and I immediately went to the master's bedroom. I was in the bathroom when I realized something.
                          Oh God. Zion could be like me when I was a kid.
                          I walked hurriedly back towards Zion's bedroom and stared at Jade.
                          "I think I know where Zion is."
                          "Really?" Her eyes lit up. "Where?"
                          I opened the bathroom and headed to the bathtub. There I saw Zion, sleeping deeply, so small and curled up with a white teddy bear in his arms.
                          
                          ***
                          It was mid afternoon and still I couldn't contact Roberto Gonzales. Even their home's phone kept on ringing. Were are they?
                          One of my guards went to the Gonzales home twice today, but it was empty. Their neighbor said that he saw them left last night and haven't come back since then.
                          Zion was crying again. He wanted to go home. We tried everything to make him happy, to divert his attention. We played in the playhouse, rode a bike in the backyard, we went swimming and even strolled in the park. But eventually, he got bored and looked for his adoptive parents again.
                          Jade and I were supposed to go back to New York this morning. It was Monday and I have lots of business meetings and an important deal to close. But with Zion here, I couldn't just leave him and Jade here in Georgia, so I cancelled all my appointments. I have to grab the opportunity to spend time with him. He is more important that any business deals.
                          That night, Zion slept with us in the master's bedroom. He was between Jade and I. We comforted him every time he cried. Sometimes he was restless but eventually he relaxed. We wanted him to get use to us – to treat and love us as his parents, almost like he did with the Gonzales.
                          Yeah, the feeling was wonderful and overwhelming. Jade and I felt so complete that Zion was with us. It might not be for a long time, but we took the most out of it by spending quality time together.
                          The following day, at noontime, Donovan arrived in Georgia with my executive secretary, James Smith.
                          "The Gonzales' are still not home. I called Roberto Gonzales but he couldn't be reached."
                          "Yeah. I did also this morning. I wonder where they are."
                          "Are we going to search for them?"
                          "Hmm, I guess not. Maybe they're out of town, having a vacation or visiting a relative. They always do that."
                          "Okay. If that's what you want." Donovan smiled. "So how's Zion? Still crying last night?"
                          "A bit."
                          "The playroom doesn't work?"
                          "For a while. But he got bored easily."
                          "Maybe you should buy him a dog."
                          "Yeah, I'm thinking of that. He said he misses their neighbor's dog. It's a labrador retriever." I didn't like the idea of Zion playing with a big dog, he was still a toddler. Probably, when he got older.
                          "A golden retriever is more suitable for his age." Donovan suggested.
                          "Right."
                          
                          ***
                          In the afternoon, Donovan and I went to a pet store in Georgia. We bought a male golden retriever puppy.
                          Zion got so excited when I arrived home holding a puppy. He left his bike and ran towards me.
                          "A puppy!" "Who's puppy is that?" What's the puppy's name" "Is it a girl or a boy?" "Can I touch?" Zion was full of questions. He couldn't hide his happiness seeing the puppy.
                          "It's a boy. Yes, you can touch him, but very gently." I knelt on the floor so Zion could reach the puppy.
                          "Can we keep him?" He touched the head of the puppy very gently.
                          "You want to take care of him?"
                          "Yes, daddy. Please."
                          "Okay. He's yours."
                          "Yeheyyyy!" He was jumping now.
                          "What do you want to name him?"
                          "Um... Happy."
                          "Happy?" I asked him and he nodded. "Okay, his name is Happy."
                          
                          ***
                          It had been three nights since Zion slept between Jade and I in the master's bedroom. I was used having Jade in my arms everytime we slept since we got married. I missed kissing, hugging and making love with her everynight... sometimes in the middle of the night or at dawn. I wanted her so badly, my body craved for her.
                          I couldn't take it anymore. I woke Jade in the middle of the night. I switched Zion's sleeping body to my side, very slowly so he wouldn't wake up. I started caressing Jade's arm, her thigh and her swollen breast.
                          "Honey." Jade said sleepily.
                          "I miss you." I whispered then kissed her lips. "I need you, now."
                          She sat up and looked at Zion, then tunneled her fingers through my hair.
                          "He's a heavy sleeper, he won't wake up." I assured her and ran my hand to her thigh, caressing gently up to her inner thigh.
                          "Are you sure?"
                          "Aha." I said and gave her a wicked look. I replaced my hand with my mouth, kissing her inner thigh – her weakness.
                          "Okay... At the couch."
                          We were in the middle of our lovemaking when Zion stirred.
                          "He's going to wake up."
                          "No, he wouldn't." I was kissing the area behind her ear and gently caressing her breasts.
                          "What if he'll wake up?"
                          I took the blanket and covered Jade's nakedness, to make her comfortable.
                          We continued making passionate love. We were lying in the couch, I was behind her pushing and pulling myself into her wetness as fast as I could.
                          "Baby, I'm coming." I groaned.
                          "Me too. Oh... faster honey." She moaned with pleasure and that made me move faster and harder. I was ready to explode... just a little bit more.
                          "Mommy? Daddy? What are you doing?" Zion asked.
                          Jade and I froze.
                          
                          ***Kindly VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE TO YOUR FRIENDS***

Book II - Chapter 8

Chapter Eight (UNEDITED)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlist here-
                          
                          "You have NO idea how fast my heart races when I see you." – quotesforbros.com
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "He's so adorable." My sister Sapphire whispered, referring to Zion who was playing with his LEGO toy bricks on the floor. Kobe was with him, helping to build a castle.
                          Sapphire grabbed a pizza on the living room center table and took a big bite. She arrived this morning with her new boyfriend, Kobe Latsis.
                          "Who? Kobe or Zion?" I teased her.
                          She frowned and scatched her long wavy blue and ash silver ombre hair. Mom and I freaked out the moment we saw her hair turned to blue. We were okay with her wearing anime costumes and wigs. She was an otaku fan and joined cosplays, but dying her hair blue... that was too much! But we couldn't do anything about it anymore, we would just end up arguing. She reasoned that she was eighteen and she knew what she was doing. I hope so!
                          "You know I'm referring to Zion." She smiled and her eyes glittered, sending me a message that made me suspicious of what she was up to now with Kobe.
                          "You're very in love. It shows."
                          "A-haaa..." She grabbed a big bite again on her pizza and eyed Kobe. I saw Kobe looked at her and winked.
                          I took a sip on my fresh orange juice, then rubbed my stomach. I looked at the wall clock, it was already five thirty in the afternoon. Eros would arrive in a few minutes now – in a helicopter. He went to his office in New York this morning. He couldn't leave his work for too long.
                          "Guess what... I'm going to give him my..." Sapphire whispered. I instantly looked at her with wide eyes.
                          "Your what?"
                          "Um... forget it." She smiled and took a big bite of her pizza again.
                          Did she mean, her V-card? Oh God, no. She just turned eighteen. She couldn't give her virginity to Kobe. She was still young! Immature... a baby... my baby sister. What if she'll get pregnant!
                          I remembered being pregnant at eighteen with Zion. That was terrible at a young age. I didn't want Sapphire to experience that also. She was not ready to engage in premarital sex. Oh-oh. I'm getting paranoid now.
                          "Saph. What is it?"
                          "Shh. Later."
                          "Whatever it is, don't! You're still young, just turned eighteen."
                          "That's the point. I'm eighteen and I know what I'm doing, okaaaayyyy...." She rolled her eyes and drank her can of soda.
                          "Oh no, Saph."
                          "Oh yessss." She grabbed some Cheetos and ate it.
                          She couldn't do this. No, I wouldn't allow this.
                          "When are you giving it to him?"
                          "Um... maybe, tonight."
                          "Tonight!" No, this couldn't be. Kobe must leave tonight. "Mom will be very upset if she'll learn about this."
                          "She wouldn't. I already told her. And she agreed. It's already time."
                          "What! Are you sure?"
                          I was waiting for Sapphire's answer when Kobe sat beside her in the big armchair and grabbed her waist – he was tickling her. Then she was laughing and giggling in his arms... until she went down, rolling on the floor. Kobe followed her on the floor and they were tickling each other.


"Me too. Me too." Zion joined them. Sapphire tickled Zion and he laughed also. But I didn't miss Kobe stealing a kiss on Sapphire's lips every now and then.
                          I was upset. Really upset of these two. They were having PDA in front of Zion.
                          I invited Sapphire to come here in Georgia and spend overnight with us. We wanted her to accompany Zion and I, because Eros would be flying to New York. I didn't expect that she would be bringing Kobe - I thought Kobe was in Greece.
                          I didn't recognize Kobe the moment he arrived, his brown hair became golden ash blond, very straight and long – either he tried to copy Justin Bieber's hair or Sapphire's crush in one of the popular Kpop boy group.
                          Eros arrived in time for dinner. He looked so tired. He didn't even bother to change for dinner.
                          "I'm starving. I was so busy in the office - too many business meetings. An Italian investor also arrived and I was not able to eat my lunch. I just grabbed a sandwich at around two p.m." Eros said and took a bite on his steak. "Hmmm... this is delicious. Did you cook this babe?"
                          "Yeah. I'm glad you like it." I loved to cook for Eros now. Since we got married, I practiced cooking different dishes. I watched different cooking shows in Youtube and TV. Jamie Oliver, Gordon Ramsay, Rachael Ray and Buddy Velasco, etc. I wanted him to be happy.... and also Zion.
                          "You're lucky man. My wife should know how to cook cause I'm useless in the kitchen. I only know how to boil an egg." Kobe said and turned to Sapphire, then winked. Sapphire put her hands over Kobe and squeezed it.
                          "Just like your mom. Aunt Marilyn burned her boiled egg."
                          Everone laughed at what Eros said, except me. I was observing Kobe and Sapphire intently. Their hands were clasped together – palm to palm. I could see Kobe rubbing Sapphire's palm very slowly - sensuously.
                          "Hey, Kobe. Why don't you stay here tonight. We can play chess afterwards. Who knows, you'll be lucky and beat me." Eros suggest at Kobe.
                          Oh! Eros NO. I couldn't let Kobe stay the night here in one of the guestrooms... with Sapphire in the next room.
                          "Okay. I love that." Kobe answered immediately. "Haha. I'm going to beat you, man."
                          "But... but you said Tristan will be coming early tomorrow and you're going to fetch him at the airport?" I turned to Kobe.
                          "He called awhile ago. He can't make it tomorrow. He can't leave Stella in New Zealand."
                          "OH." Eros told me that Tristan and Stella were getting along very well. After many years of hating each other, they realized that they were in love. I was happy for them. Stella was now with Tristan in New Zealand.
                          "Great! I won't allow you to beat me." Eros laughed.
                          "Honey, the helicopter is on standby, waiting to take Kobe back to New York." I turned to Eros.
                          "Yeah, I forgot. I'll call Max, so he can go home now."
                          But Eros' and Kobe's plan to play chess did not happen. Kobe was arm wrestling with Sapphire and it was obvious that he let Sapphire won. Eros was playing LEGO with Zion, making a space ship. And I was there, watching them.
                          I couldn't keep my eyes off Kobe and Sapphire. They were very touchy. Playing and touching. Laughing and touching. Talking and touching.
                          After an hour, Eros stood up and held my hand, dragging me towards the stairs. He wanted us to have an early night and leave Kobe and Sapphire downstairs. I was very hesitant to go up. I didn't want to leave Sapphire with Kobe alone.


"You go ahead. I'll stay here first. I'm not yet sleepy." I said to Eros.
                          "Me too. I'm not sleepy." Zion said. He was playing with his dog, Happy.
                          "Okay. We'll stay here for a while." Eros went back to the couch and leaned his head on the throw pillow.
                          Kobe and Sapphire were playing Xbox 360 Kinect dance game, Just Dance 3. Zion was with them, immitating their moves. They were having so much fun. I enjoyed watching them too.
                          I heard someone snoring so loudly, it was Eros, already asleep beside me.
                          Oh, I'm so inconsiderate, He's so tired. It was time to go up and sleep.
                          
                          
                          ***
                          "Honey, I think it's not a good idea to have Kobe here staying the night."
                          "Why not?" Eros just got out from the shower. He was changing into gray sweatpants and white shirt.
                          "Sapphire is here and she's his girlfriend. What if in the middle of the night they'll sneak at each other's room?"
                          "Kobe won't do that. He'll behave." He was now lying on bed beside Zion's sleeping form. His arm on his forehead.
                          "What if he wouldn't? I don't trust him honey."
                          Eros stood up and went to the door, staggering.
                          "Where are you going?" I stood up also from the vanity chair and followed him.
                          "I'm going to talk to Kobe. I'll tell him to behave and not to do anything stupid with Sapphire."
                          "Oh no... please don't do that. That would be so embarrassing."
                          "No it wouldn't. I'm responsible of him coming here. He called me early this morning that he wanted to come with Sapphire, and I allowed him. This evening, I invited him to stay the night without consulting you first. I'm sorry babe that this bothers you." Eros hugged me and kissed my forehead.
                          "Just be gentle with him, okay? Tell him in a subtle way... that Sapphire is still young and she still have to finish her studies..."
                          "Shhh. Relax babe. I know how to handle him."
                          
                          ***
                          The following day, when Kobe already left for New York I talked to Sapphire. I found out that she was meaning to give Kobe her Anime Naruto Shippuden action figures collection, as her birthday gift next week.
                          My goodness... I was really getting paranoid.
                          
                          ***
                          "Ouch... ouch. Eros help, ouccchhh." It was early morning and I woke up with a leg cramp again. Eros stood up in a flash and slowly straightened my leg.
                          "Slowly babe. Shhh. You'll be fine." Eros massaged my legs gently.
                          I sighed. I was relieved of the pain in my legs when suddenly I felt another sharp pain. I yelped. It was Zion, piercing a pen on my upper arm.
                          "Zion, what are you doing?" Eros almost shouted. I could feel his anger vibrating inside the room.
                          "Mommy will be fine, daddy. Promise." Zion said. His eyes were wide, staring at Eros.
                          "Son, I told you not to pierce your mommy's arm with a pen. You're hurting her." He snapped at Zion.
                          "Eros..."
                          Eros looked at me then his voice softened. "That's bad, son. Don't do it again, okay?" He pulled Zion in his arms and cuddled him.
                          "Yes, daddy."
                          
                          ***
                          I was watching Zion, playing with his toys. When he suddenly said. "Can I ride a plane, mommy?"
                          "But you just did, a few months ago, right?"
                          He looked at me, then took a toy plane. "Nope."
                          I was surprised because Zion just had a vacation with the Gonzales in the Philippines about two months ago. With a few stop overs in different country, back and forth, Zion must have remembered that he rode a plane several times already.
                          "You went to the Philippines. You rode many planes baby."
                          "Nope."
                          "No?" I was feeling uneasy. The Gonzales must have lied. They didn't go to the Philippines for a month vacation. They just didn't want us to see Zion at that time.
                          I took Zion's iPad Pro and google the images of the Philippines. I showed him the pictures of the Filipinos, Manila City, the SM City malls, Luneta Park and others. But he didn't recognize any of it.
                          "Nope. Nope. Nope."
                          
                          ***
                          I told Eros about it when he arrived that afternoon. He was so upset.
                          "It's clear that they didn't want us to see Zion. That man, Roberto is impossible! I'm sorry Jade, I didn't want you to know this, but on the eve of our marriage, I gave Roberto ten thousand dollars just to see Zion."
                          "Oh my God. He asked for money?" I was shocked. I thought they were just protective of Zion and jealous of us appearing in their lives. But asking money was too much.
                          "He did. That was the condition. Although it's not really big, but the fact that he asked for it in exchange of seeing our son."
                          "That's too bad. But Edna is a very sweet lady. I'm sure she didn't know anything about it."
                          "I think so. Her husband is not a good influence on Zion though. I swear I'm going to take our son away from him."
                          "I wonder where they are right now. It's almost two weeks that they've left Zion on us."
                          "Yeah and they're not answering my calls. I have to find them. As soon as possible."
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          I was restless. Uneasy. Waiting.
                          The phone rang. It was Russel Kent, the head of the detective and investigator company I hired to look for the Gonzales.
                          "We can't find them. We searched them in every state - there's no trace of the Gonzales. Even in the Philippines, we contacted their relatives but they didn't know about their whereabouts."
                          "Dammit. Where the hell are they?"
                          "We'll keep on searching for them. We won't stop until we find them."
                          "Good and do it fast."
                          "We will, sir."
                          Two days later, Russel Kent came in the office.
                          "Any good news?" I asked the moment he entered the room.
                          "At last, we found them."
                          "Great. Where?" Mr. Kent settled on the chair in front of my desk and pulled out a brown envelope in his attache case.
                          "See for yourself." He gave me the envelope. I immediately took the pictures out and scattered on my table.
                          The pictures made me feel bad... really bad.
                          No wonder we couldn't find the Gonzales. It was the last place that anyone would look for.
                          I pressed the intercom and instructed my personal assistant. "I need the chopper, NOW!" 
                          
                          ***Please don't forget to Vote and Share to your friends***

Book II - Chapter 9

Chapter Nine (UNEDITED)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlist here-
                          "Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused." ― Paulo Coelho
                          
                          
                          Eros
                          **Atlanta Memorial Medical Hospital
                          A nurse directed me to Mrs. Edna Gonzales hospital room. The nurse knocked first then opened the door.
                          I could see the surprise in Roberto Gonzales' face the moment he saw me. He was sitting on a chair near the bed where his wife was sleeping.
                          Roberto stood up and instructed the nurse to watch Edna for a while. He led me outside the room, and invited me to sit beside him in one of the steel chairs.
                          "How long has she been fighting on this?"
                          "A year. She had breast masectomy six months ago. We thought she would be fine, but it becomes metastatic. The cancerous cells spread to her vital organs."
                          Oh God. Six months ago was the time I gave him the money. He probably used it for her operation.
                          "I'm sorry to hear that. What did the doctor say? Is there any chance of a fast recovery?"
                          Roberto covered his mouth. I could see how he controlled himself from breaking down. Then he shook his head slowly.
                          "No, and I don't think she'd recover." His voice cracked, and then he burst out crying.
                          "What?" I stood up and inhaled deeply. I couldn't stand seeing a man crying. The pain and misery was so real – like coming to a dead end, all hopes and chances were gone. "I know a lot of women survive in breast cancer."
                          "Yeah. Early detection can help the patient survive. But Edna found out too late. She was in stage four when she was initially diagnosed. Her doctors can't do anything about it anymore. They advised her to go home."
                          "Go home and suffer? She needs medical attention."
                          Roberto nodded. He was rubbing his head with his hands. "There's nothing that I can do anymore. I failed as a man... I failed as a husband. I love her so much. I asked God several times, why her? She's a good woman and always been so kind, loving and caring to me and Zion... to her family and friends. She even helped a lot of people in our Church and... she's very religious... why does she has cancer? Why not those women who are promiscous, adulterous or drug addicts?"
                          "It could be because of faulty genes too."
                          "That's what the doctor said. Her aunt died of breast cancer ten years ago and her cousin also, last year." He wiped his tears but it kept on coming down on his cheeks. "I would rather die now than losing her."
                          It was so hard to see a man in a very emotional state, breaking down and losing his composure. I didn't know how to comfort him. But, I could feel his pain and I didn't want to experience the same pain he was experiencing now.
                          I imagined myself in his shoes. Damn. I wouldn't let Jade get sick. I didn't want her to get sick. I wouldn't ever let anything happen to her. She's my life and I'll die too, without her.
                          "You're not going to lose her, Roberto. Take the risk. I'll help you in anything and everything that I could." I said firmly. "We will transfer Edna to Texas, where the best hospital in cancer is. She will be attended by the expert doctors that specialize in breast cancer."


"But..." Roberto stood up. I could see his face brightened and hopeful.
                          "Trust me. Just take the risk."
                          "I'll ask Edna first. She gave up already and didn't want any further treatment. She suffered a lot and she's relying only on high doses of pain killers injected on her."
                          That explained why Zion kept on piercing Jade with a pen everytime she had leg cramps. He thought it would relieve the pain just like Edna's.
                          We went back inside the room. Edna was awake now. She smiled when she saw me.
                          I went closer to her and clasped her hand.
                          "Mr. Petrakis."
                          "Edna."
                          "How's Zion?" Edna asked, tears were pooling in her eyes.
                          "He's fine. Very fine. He has a new dog. He named it, Happy."
                          "Oh... I miss my boy. But I don't want him to see me like this. It makes him sad seeing me in pain."
                          "I know. I know." I nodded. "Edna. I'm here to help you recover."
                          "I'm dying Mr. Petrakis. My doctors did their best already..."
                          "I know what they said. Roberto already told me. But for the sake of Roberto and Zion, who loves you so much, you have to get well. Don't you want to see Zion all grown up?"
                          "Of course I do.
                          "You need to keep strong and have courage in order to overcome this disease. Don't give up, Edna because you're still alive. Fight for your life and hang on for that little hope. Have trust, Edna. You can't win if you won't take the risk. So, let me help you."
                          She cried, pouring all her emotions. Then after a few minutes, when she calmed down, she nodded.
                          That afternoon, a private plane arrived with specialized doctors and medical team. They attended Edna and prepared her for transfer to MD Anderson Cancer Center, Texas, where they did their best to help her survive her disease.
                          
                          
                          Jade
                          **7 a.m. at the Petrakis' mansion, New York
                          I felt so heavy now. My tummy is getting bigger everyday and I love to eat... anything.
                          We were eating breakfast and all my favorite food was on the table: Bacon, dumplings, cereals, chilli buffalo wings, California maki, pancake, blueberry cheesecake, ramen, ice cream, soda, and coffee.
                          "No way." Eros removed the soda and coffee out of my reach. "This is not good for you and the baby."
                          "Honey, please. Just a little sip."
                          Eros shook his head and drank my coffee.
                          I twisted my lips and Eros winked at me. Last night, we made love in the guest room. We didn't want to take the risk again of being caught by Zion. I remembered the last time when we froze infront of him. We just pretended that we were just playing hide and seek. So, awkward because he wanted to join us. He grabbed the blanket and got inside. We ended up playing hide and seek.
                          "Mom, can I have one of that." Zion said, pointing the California maki. My mind brought back to the present.
                          "Sure." I put the plate of California maki beside Zion's plate and faced Eros again. "What time are we going to dad's house?"
                          It was my father in-laws 55th birthday. Markos Petrakis.
                          "We'll leave at six-thirty. You know, he doesn't tolerate anyone being late. We don't want him to be angry on his birthday."


"Oh-oh. Still becoming so moody?"
                          "Yeah. Mom called early this morning. They're going to the hospital. Dad had an anxiety attack, he thinks he's dying."
                          "What? Why?"
                          "He experienced dull headaches for two months already. His doctor told him that it's only tension headache but he doesn't believe him. This morning, he decided to have an MRI.
                          "Well, I hope the result will turn out okay. It will relieve him of so much anxiety then."
                          We were interrupted when Zion shouted. "Hot! Hot! Hot!" His tongue was out and he was rubbing it. His hand was full of green color thing... like a clay... Oh my God.
                          "He ate the wasabi!"
                          Eros immediately carried Zion to the sink and washed his mouth and hands. "Babe, get some milk."
                          I went to the fridge and poured a glass of milk. Zion finished the glass of milk and two chocolate cupcakes. He was relieved.
                          That day, Eros and I learned that we have to be extra careful in anything that was within Zion's reach... and always remember that he was just a kid and needed to be watched over.
                          ***
                          We arrived at my parents in-laws' house before seven. Only the family and few close relatives were invited at the party.
                          I went to the table and looked at the delicious food. A big platter of different seafoods, vegetable salads, baby backribs, caviar, sushi rolls, roast pork and varied desserts. Hmm... my stomach was gurgling. I was instantly starving.
                          "Hi Jade. How are you!" Eros sister, Chloe, hugged me. She just gave birth a month ago to her baby boy, Carter. "When is your due date?"
                          "Two weeks from now." I rubbed my tummy.
                          "Really? You should start bringing your maternity bag all the time, Jade. Including the baby's stuff. You have to be ready."
                          Oh-oh! I forgot. It was in the living room. Eros forgot it too. We were in a hurry to come here.
                          "Yeah. I have everything prepared already." But I left it in the house...
                          "Great. I hope you'll have an easy delivery. I was in labor for eight hours! My goodness. It was so painful. I don't want to get pregnant again."
                          "I heard that." Iñigo appeared and grabbed his wife's waist. "I'm sorry sweetie. But you are so amazing, so brave and beautiful." He kissed Chloe's cheek and she giggled.
                          "Awweee... you always say that to make me feel better."
                          "I'm so proud of you baby girl, and Carter is so cute and adorable."
                          Chloe laughed. "Right. He has the face of your dad."
                          ***
                          After dinner. I was with my mother in-law, Nina Petrakis in the living room. "Do you have a name for the baby yet?"
                          "Yeah. Eros and I wanted to name her Emerald." I rubbed my tummy. The baby kicked my hand.
                          "Wow, that's nice. I love the name. Another gem in the family."
                          "Thank you." I smiled and covered my mouth. I burped suddenly. I ate a lot tonight.
                          "How's dad?"
                          "He's very fine now. He had an anxiety attack again after his MRI - while waiting for the result. His MRI turned out nicely, everything is normal. He was relieved by the news and that made him so happy... you know, back to his normal self. His headache is due to his nasal allergy and anxiety."
                          "Oh... that's good news."
                          "Really a great news. He had too many sleepless nights already because of his anxiety."
                          Zion came and sat between us and faced my mother in law. "Grandpa said that he'll take me to Disneyland next week."
                          "He did? But your baby sister will come out very soon. Aren't you excited to meet her?"
                          He nodded. "Can we tell her to come out after we go to Disneyland?"
                          Dad heard what Zion said and laughed. "I'm sorry, I forgot that the baby is coming. We have to wait for a little while, Zion. We will just go to Disneyland, all of us together when your baby sister is older."
                          "When is that?"
                          "Um... maybe a year."
                          Zion looked sad and later on agreed.
                          Everyone was dancing in the living room, while Eros was singing Uptown Funk. I was sitting on the couch, alone, and eating popcorn. I just love plain popcorn with salt – now that I'm pregnant.
                          ♪♫♯I'm too hot (hot damn) Called a police and a fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire man I'm too hot (hot damn) Say my name you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) Am I bad 'bout that money, break it down
                          Girls hit your hallelujah (whoo) Girls hit your hallelujah (whoo) Girls hit your hallelujah (whoo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch (come on) ♫♭♪
                          I enjoyed watching Eros and hearing him sing. He sang very well, not like me. His deep harsh voice and accent were so sexy. I stood up and took a video of him and everyone dancing.
                          Zion took my hand and pulled me in the middle of everyone. "Let's dance, mommy."
                          "Sure." I was dancing with Zion, making slow movements, when I felt a gosh of water dripping on my legs.
                          I stopped dancing and looked down on the wet floor. Zion did the same too.
                          Oh my goodness, my bag of water broke!
                          "Ew, mommy you peed on the floor." Zion shouted.
                          Everyone stopped dancing... even Eros stopped singing. They all looked at me.
                          I stood frozen and said. "The baby is coming, guys."
                          
                          
                          ***Please support me as an author***
                          Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends.
                          Thank You

Book II - Chapter 10

Chapter Ten (UNEDITED)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlist here-
                          
                          "A baby is a blessing. A gift from heaven above. A precious little angel, to cherish and to love." – CoolNSmart.com
                          
                          Eros
                          The baby is coming!
                          I dropped the microphone and ran towards Jade. I couldn't understand what I felt at that moment. I was nervous as hell for Jade and worried if she was hurt - but at the same time so excited to meet our little princess.
                          "Baby, are you okay?"
                          "Yeah. I'm fine." Jade grasped my arm. Her fingers were trembling and cold as ice.
                          I looked at the amniotic fluid on the floor then to her wet legs and shoes. "Are you sure?" I put my arms around her and she responded by leaning her body on mine. "You're in labor!"
                          "Yeah!" She said excitedly.
                          Okay. I have to stay calm and get her to the hospital. Immediately. But first...
                          I dug for my handkerchief inside my pants pockets to wipe Jade's legs. I bent down but was interrupted by my parents.
                          "Eros, you should take Jade to the hospital now." My mom, Nina Petrakis said, in a very commanding voice.
                          "What are you waiting son? For God's sake, she'll give birth in a minute!" Dad seconded.
                          "Hey guys. No need to hurry. She's still in her early stage of labor." Chloe said in her usual high pitch voice.
                          "When I had you Chloe, you came out a minute after my bag of water broke." Mom said.
                          "That was different. You had your second pregnancy." Chloe argued.
                          "It's Jade's second pregnancy, sweetheart." Her husband, Iñigo reminded her.
                          "Oh-oh. I forgot. Come on Eros, hurry up. Get her to the hospital fast!"
                          "Okay! You're all freaking me out. Come on baby, let's go." I scooped Jade up in my arms and she instantly put her arms around my neck. I was so worried of her, but she appeared so calm. "Are you in pain?"
                          "No. No pain at all."
                          "No cramps... back pains..."
                          "No. Absolutely nothing honey." She smiled and caressed her tummy.
                          "That's good." I kissed her lips. "I'm so excited to meet our little princess."
                          "Me too."
                          I was so proud of Jade. She was so brave and calm, in contrary to my reactions. Actually I was the one freaking out at that moment. Nervous and yet overwhelmed with happiness.
                          "Where's the maternity bag?" We were in the foyer. I stopped and spun around to go back to the living room. My family who followed us also stopped.
                          "Oh! You forgot the maternity bag in the house." Jade said.
                          "You forgot the maternity bag?" My sister Chloe snapped at me. Giving me a look that I failed in the subject of Responsible Parenthood 101.
                          Mom gave me the same look.
                          God. Of all times... it was the first time that I forgot the maternity bag. Since Jade's due date got nearer, I always brought it with us, wherever we go.


"Sorry about that, baby. I'll call Donovan to take it to the hospital."
                          "Is mommy okay?" Zion appeared in front of us. Dang it. On the spur of the moment, I forgot that Zion was with us.
                          "Yep. Mommy is fine, son. Don't worry."
                          Jade gave Zion an assuring smile.
                          "Why are you going to the hospital?"
                          "Because your baby sister is ready to come out. Are you excited to see her?"
                          Zion nodded. "Does she have to come out in the hospital? Why not here in grandpa's house?"
                          "Babies are born in the hospital. Just like you did." Mom explained to Zion.
                          I turned towards the door in a hurry and everyone was following us. I felt Zion's small hand grabbing the side of my pants.
                          "Can I go with you in the hospital? Please dad."
                          "Young boys are not allowed in the hospital, son. You have to stay here with grandma, okay? We'll be back rightaway."
                          "Awwe." Zion said disappointedly.
                          "No. I'm going to the hospital too." My mom said. "I can't wait here. I'm excited to see my granddaughter."
                          I looked at dad.
                          "Na-ah. I'm going also." Dad shrugged his shoulders.
                          "We'll take care of Zion. I'm sure he'll have fun playing with Carter." Iñigo pulled Zion up in his arms.
                          "Thanks bro." Iñigo was always my saviour. I was glad my sister married my best friend.
                          Jade appeared fine, opposite to the pregnant women I saw on TV who experienced so much pain in delivering babies. "You're not in pain?"
                          "No. Never. I think I'll have an easy delivery this time." She assured me before I put her in the passenger side of the car.
                          ***Two hours later
                          "AaaahhhHHH!!!! It hurts..." Jade shouted and grabbed my arm for the nth time. Her nails were digging in my skin. "This is so painful... I... I never experienced this when I had Zion... Oh God, oh Goooddd... Ouch..."
                          "Just relax and take a deep breath, baby." I wiped the sweat on her forehead then pushed stray tendrils of hair away from her cheeks.
                          Damn it.
                          Jade's doctor wouldn't give her an epidural yet to ease the pain. She was not in active labor yet. They have to wait until she was four to six centimeters dilated.
                          I massaged Jade's back lightly to ease her labor pains, at the same time comforting her.
                          "No... don't touch my back. It hurts."
                          "Sorry baby." I transferred my hand to her arm, caressing her.
                          She was sweating, flushing, crying, and angry. Different emotions played on her face. Very sensitive and emotional at that moment.
                          "I don't want to get pregnant again. It hurts so damn much... Aaahhhhh..."
                          "I'm so sorry honey. I wish I could take away your pain and make it mine. I can't bear seeing you like this. It's killing me. You don't have to get pregnant again if you don't want to."
                          "Really?" She touched my face with both hands.
                          "Yes." I kissed her lips, then our foreheads met. Our lips were a mere inch away from each and our breath mingled. We stayed like that for a while.
                          "Oh Eros. You always say the right words I want to hear. Why is that?"
                          "I don't know. Maybe because I can read you mind." I smiled at her. "The pain is gone, huh?"
                          "Yeah." She heaved a sigh and smiled back. "I'm hungry. Can I have a sandwich?"
                          "I don't know. We have to ask your doctor first."
                          
                          ***Twenty Minutes later
                          "Ahhhh. Ouch... ouch... ouch... Aaaahhhhh!!! This pain is going to kill me!"
                          I caressed her back to ease her pain, then her legs.
                          "NO! Don't touch me... ahhh... it hurts."
                          "Where?"
                          "Everywhere."
                          "Baby please, be brave for me, for Zion and our baby girl. You can do this. I'm here, I won't leave you. I love you so much baby. I know you're a strong woman. You can do this. We can do this. Right?"
                          "Right... Argggghhh! But this is so painful!"
                          "Just breathe in and breathe out. Come one, let's do it together... blah... blah.. blah."
                          Jade raised her hands, in an annoyed gesture. "Shhhh. Shhh. Shhh!"
                          At that moment, I knew when to stop talking.
                          I understood how hard and painful Jade was experiencing at that moment. She was very impatient and extremely irritable. She was even cursing now – words that really surprised me. I knew she needed space to go through the motions of birth.
                          Though it was very difficult and upsetting seeing Jade in pain – and not being able to help or stop it. I just wanted to be with her, to encourage and support her to keep it going. I knew my presence was all she needed and wanted to get through.
                          I love her so much and this experience made me love her more.
                          
                          ***
                          After four hours of labor, Jade delivered our baby girl, Emerald.
                          I was relieved. Amazed and a little shocked.
                          I couldn't stop staring at our precious little jewel. She was unbelievably beautiful like her mom, Jade. So delicate and fragile with fair skin and red hair.
                          Tears of joy suddenly fell down on my cheeks as I held my little girl in my arms. Our miracle and a blessing from heaven above. Slowly, she opened her eyes and stared at me. We held eyes for seconds then she closed her eyes and smiled. And that made me cry more. 
                          
                          ***Please don't forget to tap the Vote button below***
                          THANKS

Book II - Chapter 11

Chapter Eleven (UNEDITED)
                          
                          -Kindly put your playlist here-
                          
                          "Listen earnestly to anything your children want to tell you, no matter what. If you don't listen eagerly to the little stuff when they are little, they won't tell you the big stuff when they are big, because to them all of it has always been big stuff." – Catherine M. Wallace
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          ***FOUR YEARS LATER***
                          "F*ck you!"
                          Eros put down his coffee then looked at me with wide eyes. "What did she say?"
                          "I don't know." I whispered then looked at Zion who was eating his cereals.
                          "She said f--" Zion said in a very loud voice, making Emerald's smart eyes focused on him.
                          "Don't say it." Eros snapped at Zion.
                          "I think we heard her wrong. She probably said something... different." I said in a silent murmur.
                          "Yeah, you're right honey." Eros smiled and sipped his coffee again. "I couldn't imagine our little princess saying such word."
                          "No. She wouldn't. We're very careful. We filtered everything she sees and hears." I smiled back at my husband. "Besides... Where could she ever hear such word?"
                          "Really mom? It's everywhere. In TV and internet. Uncle Kobe sometimes uses the f-word... our school janitor does it all the time." Zion who just turned nine, really knew how to speak for himself. He was a very smart boy and had strong opinion on everything. One quality of being a Petrakis.
                          "Dammit."
                          "Shh. No cursing please." I whispered at Eros.
                          "Sorry honey."
                          "You should tell Kobe to filter his words when he's at home. There are kids here, you know."
                          "She didn't say the F-word." Eros said in silent murmur and his eyes made a sideway glance to Emerald, who was eating her pancakes.
                          "I know. But we still have to be cautious."
                          "Okay, I'll tell him." He stood up and kissed me. "Tell your sister too. They're always together."
                          "Of course."
                          "I have to go now. I have a very important meeting this morning. Anyway, be ready at seven, okay? We don't want to be late at the party tonight."
                          "Party! Party! Party! I wanna go to party!" Emerald was shouting happily.
                          "Of course you're going to the party tonight, sweetie." Eros went beside Emerald's chair and kissed her forehead.
                          "Daddyyyy, I have a princess dress and a crown." Emerald said.
                          "Yes you do sweetie." Eros checked the time on his Rolex watch.
                          "I'm a princess... I'm a princess. I want to try it on now, mommyyy."
                          "After your breakfast, baby." I said to Emerald.
                          "I want daddy to see."
                          "Dad is in a hurry, Emie. He's going to work." Zion said firmly, imitating Eros authoritative voice. "And stop believing you're a princess. You're not. Dad and mom are not king and queen of England."
                          Emerald faced Zion. Her small pink lips were pressed together and eyes blazed with anger. Then she shouted. "F*ck you!"
                          It was confirmed. Emerald said the F-word... again.


In the afternoon...
                          "Sweetie. Remember that word that you used this morning?"
                          "Huh?" Emerald asked innocently. She was playing with her Play-Doh.
                          "The word that starts with letter F."
                          "Flower?" She asked.
                          "No. Not flower. The other F word."
                          "Food?"
                          I heaved a sigh. "Not food."
                          "Fish?"
                          "Oh no... not fish."
                          "Frog?"
                          "No... the other one that sounds like... fff... um... flock."
                          "You mean, f*ck?"
                          "Shh." Oh my goodness. Where did she ever hear that word? "Yes, that word. Don't say that again, okay?"
                          "Why?"
                          "That's a bad word sweetheart. Children don't use that. It's inappropriate."
                          "Why?"
                          "Because... it's not right to say it."
                          "Why?"
                          "Because... um... it's something really really bad and its, evil, its... something that shouldn't be said by people, especially kids."
                          "Only big people allowed to say it?" Emerald asked.
                          "Yes. But, yeah... some people. But it's still very bad, sweetie."
                          "Why?"
                          "The meaning of the word is really really bad and UGLY." I made funny faces that made Emerald laughed.
                          "OH! I got it. So ugly like a monster?"
                          "Yeah. Like a big ugly monster."
                          "Okay."
                          ***
                          Later that evening, we went to a party, a Halloween party for all Petrakis' employees and their families. Everyone was dress up in a costume: in Dracula, zombie, witches, celebrities and famous movie characters.
                          Emerald was in her beautiful princess pink gown with tiara and Zion wore a Captain America costume. Eros as Darth Vader and I... was a mermaid. So odd since Eros carried me to the party and I was seating most of the time. It was a bad idea. I shouldn't have listened to Sapphire's suggestion.
                          Well, we had fun that evening, especially the kids. There were games, prizes, raffle draws and much more. The foods were delicious and there were celebrity singers invited. Everyone had a good time.
                          Before the night ended, my father in-law, Markos Petrakis had his short closing remark. He called Emerald who was playing with her cousins at the front row and carried her up on stage. He really adored Emerald. Everyone said that she was his favourite grandchild... maybe because they have the same birthday.
                          My father in-law thanked everyone for attending the company's party especially the employees for their loyalty and support in making the Petrakis' group of companies a big success in decades. He assured everyone for an increase in compensation and more incentives for the coming years.
                          "Before I'll end my speech, I would like to introduce to you my beautiful and adorable granddaughter, Emerald Petrakis. She is the daughter of my son, Eros and his wife Jade. Say hello to everyone Emerald." My father in-law put the microphone near Emerald's mouth.
                          Emerald stared at my father in-law who was wearing a Shrek costume, matched with my mother in-law's Fiona costume.
                          "Come on Emerald, say something."


Emerald took the microphone and shouted. "F*ck you, grandpa!"
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          The following morning...
                          Beep! Beep! Beep!
                          I woke up at the sound of a fire alarm.
                          I stood up immediately, my adrenaline was running wild.
                          "Jade, baby wake up. There's a fire!"
                          "What! Oh my God!" Jade scrambled out of bed.
                          "Get Emerald. I'll get Zion."
                          "Okay." She ran out of the room and I did the same.
                          I met Donovan outside our room. He was running up the stairs in a hurry. "Where's the fire?"
                          "The system detected in Zion's room." Donovan replied.
                          "What?" Inside, I panicked. My God. Fear and ugly images started building inside my mind. I wouldn't forgive myself if something happened to my boy.
                          Together we ran to Zion's room – located at the rear end of the second floor.
                          We opened Zion's door and the room was filled with thick smoke. It was hard to see inside.
                          "Zion! Zion where are you?"
                          "Zion!" Donovan shouted. "Where are you boy?"
                          "I'm here." Zion replied.
                          Thanks God. I felt an edge of hope that he was fine when I heard his voice.
                          I rushed to where his voice came from. The smoke started fading as Donovan opened the windows.
                          Then I saw Zion, wearing a fireman mask toy. He was standing in front of his volcano science project. The volcano was puffing out too much smoke.
                          "What are you doing? Are you trying to set the house on fire?"
                          "It's just a fog machine, dad." Zion said in an apologetic voice. "The house won't burn down."
                          "Where did you get this fog machine?"
                          "I borrowed this at the party last night."
                          I remembered. There were fog machines used at the Halloween party last night. Damn those organizers who lent this machine to Zion without consulting me – just because he is a Petrakis, they have to give him whatever he wants. He's still a kid!
                          "With whose permission?"
                          "From grandpa."
                          Dammit!
                          
                          In the evening...
                          "Do you think dad is spoiling our kids?" I was in the bathroom with Jade. She was cutting my hair. Actually, it was her first time to cut my hair. I was uneasy because she just took her lessons by watching YouTube.
                          "Hmm... Yes. No. Just a bit." Her hands stirred delicious sensations in my groin, running through my hair like that.
                          "Just a bit? He's giving Zion an Arabian pony, a mini Ferrari and a yacht! He's only nine for heaven's sake."
                          "Yeah. But Zion didn't ask any of it. He wanted toys like any normal kid, but dad gave him the real ones." Jade said and started clipping my hair at the base of my head. Is she doing it right?
                          "He even bought an ultimate play castle for Emerald."
                          "A-ha. She loves it. It's her dream to become a princess." Jade continued sectioning and cutting my hair from front to back. She's doing it too fast, like an expert.
                          I looked at my hair on the floor. She was cutting my hair way too short.
                          After a few minutes, Jade stopped.
                          "Are you done?" I asked her.
                          "Yeah."
                          I ran my hand through my hair. I stood up and looked closely at my hair in the mirror. The haircuts were so uneven and the blending was poor. Well, it didn't matter anyway. She made a lot of effort learning how to cut men's hair for me and Zion. I should appreciate that.
                          Next time, she'll do much better than this. Practice makes perfect.
                          I turned to Jade and kissed her lips. "Thank you baby, you're a woman with many talents."
                          "Do you think we should go to the barber shop?"
                          "Why?"
                          "This side here, I don't understand. I can't make it perfect." Jade ran her hands through my hair.
                          "You'll figure out next time." I replied.
                          "Hmm... I shaved your back too short. Is it too short?"
                          "It's fine. It will grow back in two weeks baby."
                          "Are you sure?"
                          "I'm sure, sweetheart. Come on, let's celebrate." I took my shirt off, then my boxer briefs.
                          "Celebrate what?" Jade frowned.
                          "Your new talent."
                          She giggled. "In the shower?"
                          "Yeah. IN.THE.SHOWER." I grabbed her waist and pulled her with me... in the shower.
                          She shrieked with laughter.
                          
                          *** Want more updates? Then don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***
                          Love and kisses,
                          sweetdreamer33

Book II - Chapter 12

Chapter Twelve (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          A boy proposed to a girl. She rejected. He was not sad.
                          His friends asked him why he didn't feel sad. 
                          Boy: Why should I be sad? I have lost someone who didn't love me. But she's lost someone who loved her.
                          --from: MyQuotesHome.com
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "What happened to your eye?" I was surprised to see Zion's right eye so red. His clothes were soiled and his hair was a mess.
                          I was in the kitchen experimenting a new recipe when he entered the kitchen door, holding his skateboard.
                          "It's nothing mom." He said and rushed out of the kitchen.
                          "Hey! Not so fast. Come back here." I yelled at him.
                          He came back, slouching. His head was bent, avoided facing me.
                          I wiped my hands and came closer to him. I pulled his chin up and inspected his face. His right eye was red and the skin area around it was bruised, turning to purple.
                          "You have a black eye!"
                          He pulled his face away from my hands and moved away. "This is nothing mom." He said, and gave me a puppy-dog eyes, eliciting compassion. "It doesn't even hurt."
                          "Oh really, superman. Come here, let's put some ice on that eye."
                          He sat on a bar stool and waited.
                          "Who did this?"
                          He didn't answer and avoided looking at me.
                          "Zion. Who did this?" I asked again. I was certain that he got into fight with the kids in the neighborhood and it was very alarming. We allowed him to roam around the neighborhood because it was the safest suburb here in New York. There were securities and CCTV's everywhere. He was ten years old and needed some freedom in order to grow up.
                          "No one, mom."
                          "What do you mean no one! You couldn't get a blacked eye if no one punches you."
                          "Are you going to tell dad?" He said nervously.
                          I heaved a sigh. "Of course. He has to know."
                          "He'll get mad." His face looked so worried.
                          "No. He won't. Your dad is the most understanding man."
                          "I hope so."
                          "So, who did this?"
                          "No one." He shrugged his shoulders and avoided looking at me again. "I bumped into a tree."
                          He was lying.
                          ***
                          Eros arrived feeling so tired that evening. He had a very hectic day. We were in the dining table ready to eat.
                          "Hmm... this looks delicious. A new recipe, babe?" He said, looking at me with glint in his eyes.
                          "Yeah. It's Keema Biryani."
                          "The smell made me so hungry."
                          "Me too!" Emerald said, seeking for our attention.
                          Eros' smile suddenly faded. "Where's Zion?"


"Um... He's in his room. He said he's not hungry." I said.
                          "Is he sick?" 
                          "No."
                          Eros' expression changed. Face became serious, eyes were stony and palms flattened on the table.  I knew that expression very well. He did that when he was not happy on something.
                          "We have a rule to eat together." He said.
                          "And eat vegetables!" Emerald shouted.
                          "Yes sweetie." Eros answered Emerald, then shifted his attention at me. "What did he do this time?"
                          "I'll tell you about it later honey, okay... after dinner."
                          He exhaled heavily. "No. You have to tell him to come down or I'm going to get him myself."
                          "Come on honey, just leave him alone. He's feeling bad right now."
                          "Babe, I'm serious." Eros snapped at me.
                          "I'm serious too!
                          "Oh-oh... are you quarreling?" Emerald looked at us with wide eyes.
                          "NO." Eros and I said simultaneously to Emerald.
                          "Is this about Zion's blacked eye?" Emerald said innocently.
                          "A blacked eye?" Eros stood up immediately and headed to Zion's room.
                          "Honey... please be gentle with him. He's very sensitive right now." I said following Eros. I didn't want Eros to get angry. He couldn't control himself sometimes.
                          "Why did he has a blacked eye? Who punches him?"
                          "I don't know. He said he bumped into a tree."
                          "That's bullshit babe. Our son is lying."
                          "I know. But hon... Promise don't get mad at him."
                          "I can't promise babe." I clasped his hand, stopping him.
                          "You have to. I told Zion that you won't be mad. Please."
                          He stopped and looked at me for seconds. "Okay. I'll control myself."
                          "Thank you." I hugged Eros and kissed his lips.
                          Eros opened the door of Zion's room. Zion was on his desktop, playing a computer game. His bruised eye was covered with an eye patch.
                          I pitied Zion. He looked so scared of Eros.
                          Eros went closer to Zion and removed his eye patch. "Who did this?"
                          Zion went to his bed and buried his head under his pillow.
                          "Zion talk to me." Eros pulled the pillow away from Zion's face. "Who punched your eye?"
                          "I can't tell you."
                          "Son, you have to tell me. Is someone bullying you?"
                          "No."
                          "You're good in kickboxing and taekwondo. Did you use it to anyone?"
                          "No. Of course not. You told me not to."
                          "How many were they?"
                          "Um... one."
                          "Who?"
                          "I'm embarrass dad. Sorry, I can't tell you."
                          "Come on son. You don't have to be embarrassed about that. If you just tolerate it, he will do that again, not only to you but also to other boys. He should stop. Tell me, is he living here in the neighborhood?"
                          He nodded.
                          "Where?"
                          Zion pointed at his window. We looked at it and saw the residence of the Jennings.
                          "Mr. Jennings?" Eros and I said together.
                          "NO."
                          "It's Maddie, daddy." Emerald said behind us.
                          Oh my goodness. I understood why Zion was so embarrassed. Maddie Jennings was the same as his age, they went to the same school. She was very pretty, smart and talented - a good dancer. I just didn't understand why she punched him on the eye.
                          
                          
                          The Truth
                          Zion's POV 
                          "Leave me alone. Stop bothering me." Maddie glared at me. She looked so annoyed.
                          I enjoyed bothering her. It was the only way that she would notice me. She was shy, aloof and very silent in school. She made friends with the girls only. 
                          Yeah. I liked her. A lot. From the moment they moved in beside our house a year ago. I saw her from my window. Her room was across mine. 
                          One time, our eyes met through our windows. That was really awkward. I did the first thing that came into my mind. To hide and slowly closed the blinds.
                          "Quack... quack...  quack..." I said, riding my skateboard and following Maddie.
                          Maddie stopped walking and faced me again. "What am I, a duck?!" She looked really angry now.
                          I shrugged my shoulders. "What did I do?"
                          "Quack... quack... quack..." She mimicked me. "Stop following me. You're annoying!"
                          "I'm not following you. This is my way home." I said, enjoying her expression now.
                          She spun around and walked again. I followed her.
                          "Oink... oink... oink..." I said, laughing.
                          She stopped. When she faced me, I could sense that she was ready to explode. She moved towards me and gave me a sudden blow on my eye.
                          
                          ***Don't forget to VOTE, COMMENT and SHARE to your friends.***

The Boy I Admire From Afar

Now Available on Wattpad
                          Zion Petrakis' Story
                          Read it Now
                          If you love reading THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED, I'm sure you will love Zion's story.
                          
                          The Boy I Admire From Afar #TBIAFA
                          By: Neilani Alejandrino a.k.a. 
                          sweetdreamer33
                          
                          Claire Olsen had a great crush on Zion Petrakis since the first time she laid eyes on him. But Zion had his eyes glued at the school's 'It girl' Maddie Jennings. Claire couldn't compete with Maddie who was every boy's dream girl in school. She hid her feelings for Zion and just satisfied admiring him from afar.
                          But a series of events led Claire closer to Zion in middle school and that made her feelings for him intensified- growing from infatuation to love. She tried to act normal and fought hard to hide her feelings when they were together. At some points, she avoided him, but the more barrier she put between them, the more he barged into her ordered life.
                          Meet the other characters of the story: Izzy, Harry, Maddie, London and the Petrakis Family - Eros, Jade, Emerald and other sweetdreamer33 characters.
                          Enjoy Reading.
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          

Book II - Chapter 13

Chapter Thirteen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          "Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." ― Dr. Seuss
                          
                          Zion's POV
                          "I don't understand. Your parents are both Petrakis. How come you're a Gonzales?" 
                          My body suddenly went rigid. My best friend, Harry finally found the guts to ask the question that I've been dreading to answer.
                          "See? A big P. Petakis." Harry touched the glossy metal of the letter P in the middle of our mansion's iron gate. 
                          Ours. Or theirs?
                          "It's a complicated story man." I said to Harry, trying to dismiss the topic.
                          Mom always said that I'm her son. She got pregnant when she was eighteen. And my dad, Eros Petrakis, is my real dad.
                          Is that true? I still don't understand. 
                          I didn't have any baby pictures with them, just like Emeralds that were scattered in her room and in the living room. Emerald have pictures of her blowing candles since her first birthday. Mine started when I was five.
                          The picture I had with mom and dad started during their wedding. I was there in almost every picture, with them. 
                          I was five years old when I started kindergarten class. I learned to write my name using Gonzales as my surname. I was seven years old when I realized that my dad's and mom's surname was Petrakis. But I did not mind. I thought it was fine, not a big deal. But last year, it started to bother me. Emerald started school and she was also a Petrakis. 
                          How come I have two parents? My dad Eros and my mom Jade. And there's my papa Roberto and my mama Edna?
                          I asked my mom, Jade about it. She said that it was a very complicated story. When I grew up, I would understand everything. But as of now, I have to bear in mind that I am their biological son. She carried me for nine months in her tummy. I have her blood and my dad Eros' in my body. Emerald was the same, because we have the same parents. Therefore, we were a family.
                          But still, she hadn't answer my question. Why am I a Gonzales?
                          I asked her again and her answer made me so confused.
                          "I couldn't take care of you at that time so I asked for help. The Gonzales were so kind, they took care of you. We've just lost dad and we have no money. I have to find a job so we wouldn't starve... and of course pay the monthly bills... the house rental, electricity, gas and water... that sort of thing.  Your grandma Ruby was so sick, she couldn't work and your aunt Sapphire was only 15, she was still in senior high."
                          "But what about dad? Was he busy too?"
                          "Um... he was always away... in business."
                          "Why would you starve? Dad is rich."
                          "Ah... um... we're not living together at that time." Mom stammered.
                          "Why not? Where was he?"
                          "Um... away..."
                          "Where? Can't you find a nanny at that time?"
                          "No... it was hard to find a good nanny."
                          "What about grandma Nina? She's always not busy."


"Yeah... but... It's really complicated. When you grew up you will understand better."
                          "So I have to wait when I grow up."
                          "Yeah. And I can explain it to you better."
                          "Okay mom." I said, feeling so dissatisfied.
                          My dad Eros version of the story was different. 
                          "Why am I a Gonzales dad?"
                          "Huh? You're a Petrakis." Dad and I were in the breakfast table. He was sipping his coffee.
                          "You know what I mean dad. In school, I'm Zion Gonzales. But when I'm with my family, I'm Zion Petrakis. I'm getting so confused."
                          "Ah, okay." He said checking the time on his wrist. "I'm still working on it. I already asked Roberto if we could change you surname to Petrakis. Do you like that?"
                          "Yeah. But why am I a Gonzales? Not Petrakis like you, mom and Emerald?"
                          He checked his watch again. "Okay here's the story. Your mom and I met and we instantly fell in love. We were young and so... reckless. We slept together then we have you. I was gone... for years."
                          "Where did you go?"
                          "Somewhere... away... that I lost communication with your mom."
                          "No phone or internet in that place?"
                          "Yeah."
                          "So what happened next? How did I end up being a Gonzales?"
                          "Roberto and Edna took care of you because your mom was sick."
                          "Sick? A cancer just like Mama Edna?
                          "NO!" Dad's eyes opened and his relaxed body went rigid. He instantly knocked the wooden table three times. "She's not sick, just a little sad because she lost her dad. She couldn't take care of you."
                          "Okay... so..."
                          "Because the Gonzales took care of you, they registered your name as Zion Gonzales. But you are a Petrakis. One hundred percent. Roberto and I will arrange to correct your surname next week. Okay?"
                          I nodded. 
                          I have no doubt that my dad Eros and mom Jade were my real parents. Many people said that I looked like my dad. I could even see the resemblance every time I saw a mirror. 
                          "I'll see you tomorrow Zion. We'll catch more rare Pokémon." Harry said. Bringing my mind back to the present.
                          "Sure." I carried my skateboard and went inside the iron gate. 
                          My aunt Sapphire was in the kitchen, raiding again the fridge. I liked her. She was young and smart. I learned many cool stuffs from her and her boyfriend, uncle Kobe.
                          "Hey, What's up?" She said, swinging her rainbow coloured long hair.
                          "Nothing."
                          "You look upset."
                          "I'm not. Just bothered."
                          "What about? Maybe I can help." She pulled a chair on the kitchen table then grabbed a bite of the sandwich she made. 
                          I put down my skateboard and sat beside my aunt. "Can you tell me why I'm a Gonzales? I mean the real story. Mom and Dad made me so confused. I know they're not telling me the whole truth."
                          "Ah.. so what do you wanna know?"
                          "I want to know what really happened."
                          "Haha! You'll get shocked."


"Why? Is it horrible?"
                          "Very. You have to be ready and open your mind. Don't judge your parents. We are all human beings and we are not perfect only God. We make many mistakes and failures. We even commit sins."
                          "Okay. I understand that."
                          "Remember. Don't judge them, okay?"
                          "Okay. I'm ready."
                          "Your mom got pregnant because she had a one-night stand with your dad. Shh... "
                          "Really?" I was so surprised hearing that.
                          "Yeah. They met in the bar. They both got drunk and had sex."
                          "What?!"
                          "You know what happened? She got pregnant right away. To think that she met your dad once!"
                          "Oh man..." I said.
                          "Your mom got so embarrassed. She was young and very irresponsible getting pregnant with a guy she didn't even know."
                          "She's in a mess!"
                          "Right. She had you for an adoption."
                          "Adoption?"
                          "Shh... The Gonzales took care of you. That's why your were named as Zion Gonzales."
                          "So why am I here? Did they find me?"
                          "Ah-ah. Your mom Jade knew all along where you were. Who adopted you and stuffs like that. She loves you so much and it was really hard for her to give you away. Maybe that's the reason she was so thin before. She kept on thinking about you and cried every night."
                          "She was miserable." I pitied mom. I couldn't imagine her suffering. 
                          "Yeah. When she met your dad again, they fell in love again and got married. They were meant to be. Like a destiny... Anyway, your dad found out about you a few days before they got married. You were already four years old at that time. Your mom decided to tell him."
                          "That long?"
                          "Yeah. And they talked to the Gonzales. Your papa Roberto and mama Edna were so kind. They allow you to meet your real parents."
                          "So that's the real story, huh?"
                          "Yeah. You're lucky you have two wonderful parents who love you so much."
                          "I guess I am." I smiled. 
                          Finally I got the whole story. Mom was right. It was really complicated. 
                          
                          *** Please support me as an author.***
                          Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends/social media accounts.
                          THANK YOU
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED #tghnnconvo SUBMITTED BY READERS:
                          Take note: These convos are not part of the story.
                          
                          Eros Petrakis and Emerald Convo:
                          Emerald: Daddy, Can you tell me a story?Eros: What kind of story do you want?Emerald: About a princess in a castle.Eros: (scratching his head) Hmm... I don't know a princess story sweetheart... but i'll try, okay.Emerald: Yes daddy.Eros: Once upon a time, there's a little princess named Emerald. She has a cat...Emerald: NO!! I don't like cats. Eros: (Frowning) It's just a story, sweetie.Emerald: I don't like cats... I like dogs.Eros: Okay, let's just change my story... what about Red Riding Hood?Emerald: Yes daddy. I like Red Riding Wood.Eros: (smiling) Hood... not Wood.Emerald: It's just the same. Eros: It's not sweetie.Emerald: Whatever.Eros: Okay, here's my story. Once upon a time, Red Riding Hood was walking alone in the woods.Emerald: See? They're the same. Eros: (Got confused) It's not sweetie.Emerald: Whatever.Eros: She was walking and walking... then suddenly a big wolf appeared.Emerald: No! I don't want a wolf.Eros: But it's in the story. There's a wolf in Red Riding Hood.Emerald: I'm afraid of a wolf, daddy. Can you make it a cat?Eros: (Rolled eyes then shouted) Jade honey... help!!!
                          ~sweetdreamer33
                          
                          
                          Emerald saw Eros and Jade kissed...
                          Emerald: ''Daddy, you're bad.'' *about to cry*Eros: ''Baby, what's wrong, why are you crying?''Emerald: ''You're like the monster in the movie?''Eros: ''What did I do, darling?''Emerald: ''I saw you... You bite mommy's lips.''Eros: ''Baby, mommy wasn't hurt, you can ask her.''Jade: ''Eros...'' *looks at Eros wide eyed*
                          ~ her_alibi
                          
                          
                          
                          Eros and Zion convo
                          Eros: ( knocks on the door ).Zion: who's there?.Eros: Its daddy zion.Zion: Daddy who?.Eros: zion, will you please open the door? Its raining, and i'll be getting wet anytime soon.
                          -leslie_bee12
                          
                          Share your THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED CONVO and don't forget to hashtag  #tghnnconvo 
                          You can post it in Facebook Sweetdreamer33 Fan Group OR in Sweetdreamer33 Facebook Page.
                          Thanks.

Book II - Chapter 14

Chapter Fourteen (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                            "There is no such thing as a "broken family." Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents. Families are made in the heart. The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut. If you cut those ties, those people are not your family. If you make those ties, those people are your family. And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you."  - C. Joybell C.   
                          
                          
                          Eros POV
                          "The garden looks so beautiful. The flowers are lovely and smells heavenly." Jade buried her face against my throat, her arms circled around my waist.
                          "I'm glad you like it." I hugged her so tightly and kissed her head.
                          "I love it so much. Thank you for planting all the beautiful flowers." She tiptoed and kissed my lips.
                          I kissed her back lingeringly. "All of that is for you. Because you're so beautiful and I love you so much."
                          "I love you too, Eros. You're a wonderful husband and father to our kids." She cried again.
                          "Come on, don't be sad." I wiped her tears with my thumb. "Let's go to our room and make another Zion." I pulled her slowly inside the house. 
                          She went out of my grasp. "Stop teasing me. You know I'm so sad."
                          "I'm sad too. But baby we have to be strong."
                          We were in our mansion at Georgia for a week. It was school break and Zion had to go home to his adopted parents. It was so hard for us. For five years we had Zion and now... he would leave us.
                          Last night, Jade was crying. And I couldn't help myself crying too. We had Zion slept with us, between us, hugging him so tightly. We had him and now, we were losing him again.
                          The feeling was so heavy in our hearts. We loved Zion so much and it was hard letting him go.
                          Edna was fully recovered now and backed in Georgia with his husband, Roberto. It took her a while to get rid of her disease, and finally after five years, she was back to her normal self. 
                          When Emerald found out, she was crying and had tantrums. She wouldn't leave Zion's side. 
                          We were embarrassed when we drove Zion to the Gonzales house. They prepared a welcome party for Zion. But Emerald was not impressed.
                          "He's mine! Mine! Mine!" She shouted at the Gonzales and hugged Zion. "He's my brother! Don't touch him! You're bad! F-" I covered Emerald's mouth and pulled her up in my arms. She was crying so hard. She didn't want Zion to stay with the Gonzales.
                          Jade and I apologized for what Emerald did. She was just a kid and didn't understand the situation. It was so hard to explain to her.
                          The Gonzales were so understanding and accepted our apology. They understood our situation and invited us to visit Zion everyday while we were in Georgia.
                          Zion looked so sad and angry. He didn't even cry when we bade goodbye to him. I knew he was very upset. He didn't hug us or talk to us.  He even pulled away from Emerald and ran upstairs.
                          The following day, when we visited Zion, he stayed in his room and didn't like to see us. 
                          We were worried. He didn't open the door when we knocked on his room. He shouted to leave him alone.


He was mad on us. 
                          The situation became uglier as days went by. Zion became rebellious and threw the things we gave him out of the window. He shouted 'I hate you' to us, that he didn't want to see us again, ever.
                          Roberto said that Zion was still adjusting. We would give him more time.  He would get used being home again in Georgia after few weeks.
                          But I strongly disagree. Jade and I wanted to talk to Zion, to ask him what he felt. To listen to him and make him understand the situation. But it was difficult. The Gonzales were blocking our way.
                          The Gonzales were so concerned of Zion's attitude also. They couldn't handle him anymore. They were worried that he would get sick because he was not eating well and barely leave his room.
                          During our last day in Georgia. Jade and I had a heart to heart talk with the Gonzales. This couldn't go on. Zion was so depressed.  He was not eating well and barely left his room.
                          "We talked to Zion last night." Edna started the conversation.
                          I felt a bit of hope. At least Zion was talking now.
                          "He asked why he's a Gonzales." Edna continued.
                          "He asked both of us too." Jade said and looked at me.
                          "I was expecting it - questions about his surname and his looks. He's Caucasian and we're Asians." Roberto said.
                          "We told him how we really wanted to have a baby. Where we got him for adoption and other things. He was curious and really listened well. Then he said he was confused having two parents." Edna continued.
                          I felt my heart was torn into two. I pitied my son still so young and disturbed of the situation he was in.
                          "Zion said, he is getting used having you with him."
                          My heart bled now. Our little boy. We don't want to be away from him too. We're so lonely without him.
                          "I'm sorry. But we always reminded him that there's you and Roberto, who are his parents too." Jade said.
                          "I know. He's growing up so fast. He hardly remembers the times when he was with us." Roberto said. "We want him to be happy. Edna and I realized that we can't give him the happiness he wanted."
                          The situation became so bad. I felt like Jade and I messed up their lives. 
                          "Because of that, Edna and I decided to push through with our plan."
                          "What plan?" I asked him then leaned forward resting my forearms on my knees.
                          "We're planning to go back to the Philippines."
                          My heart pounded. They're leaving the country? 
                          "What do you mean?" I asked Roberto again. 
                          "I'm sixty five and Edna just turned sixty. We're not getting any younger. Now that Edna is fully recovered, we want to enjoy and spend the rest of our lives with our families in the Philippines. We haven't seen them for a long time."
                          "What about Zion?" Jade's eyes widened. I knew the news shocked her. We felt the same. We didn't want to be away from our son.
                          "Zion will stay with you." Edna's eyes were teary. Then she forced a smile. "He's happier with you both and he adores his sister so much. Yeah. It hurts leaving him. But we just want what's best for him."
                          "Edna..." Jade touched Edna's hand.
                          "We're thinking only of his future.  We know that he'll bring the best in him if he'll stay with you. I see him in you Eros. Strong willed, assertive, adventurous and at times, unpredictable. He admires you. He talked last night about you. I could see in his eyes how proud he was in having you as his father. The same with you Jade. He loves you so much. His eyes gleamed talking about you and his sister, Emerald. We're getting old and... I have to take care of my health. What I went through was not easy. I don't want to experience that again. It's scary." 


I nodded. Not trusting myself to speak.
                          Roberto touched his wife's shoulder, caressing her back gently. "We can't focus our attention on him. Zion is young and full of energy. He needs someone like both of you. We don't want to deprive him of his happiness. We saw how miserable he is being away from you." He exhaled heavily. "He is  your son also. A Petrakis. We can't deny that. We don't want to strip him off of that heritage. It would be selfish on our part."
                          I bent my head slightly forward. "He is also a Gonzales, Roberto. Both you and Edna molded him into a wonderful boy. He's smart, caring, loving and understanding. The values that you taught him will always be there with him. We're so happy and grateful to you both. It's really fortunate that he was placed in your hands."
                          "Thank you, Eros." Edna said. "You know how much we love Zion and we think that this is for the best. We decided to grant him his wish."
                          "What wish?" Jade asked. Her eyebrows rose questioningly.
                          "To change his surname to Petrakis." Roberto said.
                          ***Don't forget to Vote, Comment and Share to your friends***
                          
                          
                          
                          Here's the #tghnnconvo submitted by TGHNN readers/followers at sweetdreamer33 Fan Group. 
                          Take note: These are not part of the story.
                          
                          Submitted by: Ijah Swifty
                          Emerald is busy preparing her things for her first school day. Suddenly, she saw something sticked on top of her exercise book.
                          Emerald:(going to see Jade in the kitchen) Mummy!Mummmyyy!!!
                          Jade: Yes, sweetie?(turn the tap off and smiles at Emerald)
                          Emerald: Mummy!!! What does sex means?
                          Jade:(looking shocked) Oh! Ummm....(scratching her head)
                          Emerald: (looking eager) What mummy? If you don't know I can ask the teacher in the kindergarten.
                          Jade:(gaping,looking shocked) No,honey! Don't ask the teacher!
                          Emerald: Why, mummy?(looking confused)
                          Jade: Well...err..uhmm.. because mummy knows the best. Lets see..(trying to find a suitable answer) Well..sex means the life cycle of an animal..
                          Emerald:(looking more confused) Life cycle?
                          Jade: Yesss...life cycle..you know,like the life cycle of the butterfly..you know what is it right?The animal that daddy used to bring us to watch the butterflies there..Umm the one that have wings..
                          Emerald: Mummy..I don't understand..
                          Jade: (biting her lower lips) The butterfly comes from.. a caterpillar! Yesss!! And...after becoming a caterpillar, it becomes a pupa..then after a long time resting in pupa, it will come out and become a beautiful butterfly...
                          Emerald:(crying)Mummmmmyyyy...pupa?caterpillar..What are those..mummy? I don't know what to write then..
                          Jade:(looking a bit confused) What do you mean,honey?
                          (Emerald give Jade the the sticker pasted on her exercise book)
                          NAME:AGE:SCHOOL:SEX:
                          Soon, Jade gives a hilarious laughter.😂😂
                          
                          
                          Submitted by: @strawberrylips14
                          WHERE EMERALD LEARNED CURSING......
                          At the beach....
                          Emerald and Zion were busy making sand castles. Emerald noticed a very sweet lovers doing PDA on the shore but later on, hey were arguing. "Go to hell Kyle! F**k you!" The Girlfriend yelled and left his boyfriend. Emerald never understood anything. They were sweet and then suddenly fighting, the girl's words were new to her vocabulary."Big bro? What's Hell?" Emerald asked Zion with pure innocence. Zion's eyes widen. He was so engrossed making sand castles that he never noticed the argue. "Ummm..." he scratched his naped. He knew it was bad and Emerald shouldn't know those words.He was undecided. "It's.... uh.... Disneyland? Yeah! Disneyland!""What about F**k?" Where did she learn that?! Zion became angry but concealed it. "It's.... play...yeah... play... c'mon lets play." He stammered."Kids!" Eros called the kids while Emerald was running onto him. Eros carried Emerald in his arms. "Dad?""Yes princess?""I wanna go to hell and big bro and I can f**k!"Eros Eyes widen..... "Who taught you that?" Eros said angrily. "Big bro!" She replied happily
                          
                          
                          Submitted by:  bluebae09
                          Convo between Zion and Emerald
                          Emerald: Zion can you get me some chocolates please? Zion:(sighing) Get them yourself Emerald.Emerald: (with wide eyes) But i am in my castle and i am a princess and princesses have someone who does there work.Zion: (rolling his eyes) Again i am not your servant Emerald. If you want chocolates then get them yourselfEmerald: (pouting) You are so mean. Harry is so nice. He gets me chocolates whenever i want.Zion: (suddenly alert) What? You mean Harry, my bestfriend??Emerald: He is my prince.Zion: What? I thought im your prince!Emerald: (with an innocent expression) Harry said Im his princess and that he is my prince.Zion: No. Your MY princess OK? Here are your chocolates
                          
                          -Read Zion Petrakis' story in THE BOY I ADMIRE FROM AFAR-
                          please VOTE. thanks.

Book II - Chapter 15

Chapter Fifteen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          "When you touch a man's body, he will enjoy the moment, when you touch a man's heart he will remember it forever." - Dixie Waters
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          "It's okay, baby. She will get over it some time." I told Jade, reassuring her.
                          I looked at the big black printed name of Emerald at the center of our new white leather sofa set. It was a classic Italian antique furniture and worth a fortune. 
                          "I've been explaining to her for years that writing and drawing are for papers only, not on walls, furnitures and appliances. She can't understand."
                          "She's still a kid, she won't understand." I put my arm around her shoulders, drawing her closer to me.
                          "She's putting her name everywhere. On the TV screen, on the fridge, my new bag, your laptop, Zion's cap and even outside our main door."
                          Yeah. I remembered watching TV last night. It was disturbing seeing Emerald's name at the center of the screen. I even hesitated drinking a beer, because her name was on the bottle.
                          "I guess she's overwhelmed that she knows how to write her name already."
                          "I wonder where she got that black pen. I made sure to keep all writing instruments away from her."
                          
                          ***
                          The following day
                          I went home early. It was Friday and my sister Chloe and her family would be coming over for dinner. Our families hung out often during weekends. Her husband, Iñigo was my best friend. We grew up together because our parents were close friends. 
                          "Hi baby." I kissed Jade's lips lingeringly when she opened the door for me.
                          "You're home early." 
                          "Yeah. I finished the meeting early. I need to relax before dinner. Have a nap."
                          "You should. You need a lot of energy later. You'll ruin the evening if you'll fall asleep during dinner."
                          I smiled giving her a teasing look. "Come have a nap with me."
                          "Hmm... I know what you're thinking, Mr. Petrakis."
                          "AH. You're a mind reader now, Mrs. Petrakis. Tell me, what am I thinking?" I gathered her in my arms, and held her snugly.
                          "I don't have to say it. You know it already. Go and take your nap. I'm still cooking dinner." She kissed me then pulled away from me. "Later..."
                          "Okay...okay. Where's Zion? Still in school?"
                          "Yeah. He'll be home in an hour."
                          "And Emerald?"
                          "She's in her room. Having a nap."
                          I went upstairs and headed to our room. I was tired and sleepy. I opened our bedroom door and what I found took me by surprise.
                          Emerald was behind the vanity dresser. Wearing Jade's shoes and bag. She was facing the mirror, putting lipstick on her lips - with many smudges.
                          I hid a smile. 
                          My princess is now practicing to be a lady.
                          



                          Zion's POV
                          I was staring at Maddie. 
                          She looked prettier everyday. Her blond hair was longer, her cheeks were rosy and her lips were full, red as strawberries. I tried not to like her anymore after she gave me a blacked-eye a year ago, but I couldn't help it. She's very beautiful.
                          "Zion Gonzales Petrakis." My science teacher, Miss Rhodes, called me. My eyes widened. I suddenly panicked. I was not listening to the discussion. My eyes were focused at Maddie the whole time.
                          "Yes, Miss?"
                          "Stop staring at Miss Jennings and pay attention to our discussion."
                          Darn!
                          I was embarrassed. Especially when Maddie looked at me and the whole class teased me. I melted down and wished to crawl under my desk to hide. I crossed my arms on the desk and  leaned my head onto it to hide my face. 
                          The bell rang. Thanks Jesus for saving me!
                          "You okay?" Harry asked me.
                          "Yeah. I'm fine." I gathered my things and stood up. I took my backpack from the floor and placed it on my shoulder.
                          "You don't look okay, bro." Israel, also known as Izzy, my other best buddy, tapped my shoulder. "Maddie's looking at you."
                          I looked at Maddie and she immediately looked away. 
                          "Girls." Harry shook his head. "Come on, it's Friday, let's hang out in our house."
                          "I can't. Mom wants me to go home early. My cousins are coming."
                          "How about tomorrow?"
                          "Yeah. Mom and dad are in Michigan. We can have the whole house this weekend. We can have a pool party or play Kinect games." Harry's twin sister, London butted in. They lived across our house and oftentimes, I hung out with them.
                          "Cool!" I said.
                          "What about you Izzy?"
                          "Sure, London. I'll be there."
                          London turned her attention to her best friend, Claire. "Did you ask your mom if you can come tomorrow?"
                          "Not yet. But I'll try later." Claire answered.
                          Claire Olsen was a very shy girl. Pin straight black hair, thin, so pale and yeah... Izzy thought she was pretty. She was the exact opposite of London, who was very bubbly, curly hair and overconfident.
                           I looked at Izzy and gave him a teasing look.
                          "What?" He asked me.
                          "Nothing." I answered. He had a crush on Claire and I knew, he was excited for tomorrow.
                          
                          ***
                          I entered my room feeling so relieved. Thanks God it's Friday. I'm going to play computer games till midnight. Yes!
                          I threw my bag on my bed then took my jacket off. 
                          I looked out my window and saw Maddie in her room, talking on a cellphone.
                          Shit! I immediately bent down and crawled away from the window. I didn't have a face to show her anymore. I was embarrassed at school today and I didn't want another of it today.
                          Very slowly, I creeped at the side of the window and pulled down the blinds. Whew!
                          I went to the bathroom and peed, leaving the door opened. Then I washed my hands and looked at my face in the mirror. Darn it! I have a new pimple on my nose!


My bedroom door suddenly opened and Emerald entered. "Zion, look who's here!"
                          I went outside the bathroom and saw my little cousins, Carter and Kimberly - The Monteiros. 
                          Carter was the same age as Emerald, six years old. Kimberly was about a year younger. The three of them got along very well. 
                          "Hi, Zion. Can I borrow that sword?" Carter pointed at my lightsaber display rack.
                          I took the blue one and handed it to him. "Where's Daniel?"
                          "Downstairs." Kimberly said, jumping on my bed. "He's playing with Happy."
                          Daniel was their youngest brother. He was hyperactive, always moving, running and bouncing. He had a habit of breaking things. He broke plates, frames and vases every time he went to my grandparents house. Last month, grandpa Markos' forehead was bleeding. Daniel poked his head with a spoon.
                          "Hey look who's here!" Emerald shouted, looking outside the window. "It's Maddie!"
                          OH NO! Emerald pulled up the blinds. This is embarrassing.
                          "Emerald, pull it down!"
                          "Why?" She turned her head towards me.
                          "I said, pull the blinds down!"
                          "Hmp!" She frowned and shouted. "Hi Maddie!" She was waving at Maddie now. 
                          Darn it!
                          "Hi, Emerald." I heard Maddie said. Her voice was soft and sweet - like an angel.
                          Carter and Kimberly ran towards the window and joined Emerald. They were waving at Maddie too.
                          This is humiliating. Please... not again. 
                          "You're a good dancer, Maddie." Emerald continued.
                          "Oh! You've seen me dance?"
                          "Yeah. Twice."
                          I went to the side of the window. I was very careful that Maddie wouldn't see me.
                          "Really? Where?" Maddie asked.
                          "In Zion's cellphone."
                          Emerald shouted before I pulled the blinds down.
                          Darn it, Emmie!
                          
                          *Please don't forget to Vote. Thanks.*
                          
                          
                          Here's the #tghnnconvo made by the TGHNN readers/followers:
                          By:  @FudgeFairy13
                          Chloe  -  Eros  - Jade convo
                          (Chloe walks in to eros' office to talk to him about business and finds Eros asleep)
                          Chloe: Hey weirdo (barges in) so i have this dea- (pauses) Eros: (snoring)Chloe: You serious? Dude, wake up. Need to talk to you (shaking Eros shoulders)Eros: (still snoring)Chloe: Maybe I should call Jade (calls Jade) Hey Jade, so Eros is sleeping at work, think u can help me?
                          Jade: (laughs) oh gosh, here it goes... (starts to sing) AND IIIIIIIIIIIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOOOOOVEEEEE YOUUUUUUUUU
                          Eros: (Jolts up with suprise) Okay I'm up. Chloé: Thank you Jadie Jade: Bye! 
                          Eros: (Glares at Chloe who was smiling innocently) Just when i was having good dream.Chloe: Ew okay no, so here is the business deal from Africa which u have to transfer to America to Hong Kong but 6am... (Chloe stop talking and look at the magazine on top of Eros' desk)What's this? i didnt know you read this stuff (Raises an eyebrow) Seriously, you?Eros: (smirks proudly) Yup, this year once again, been voted the sexiest man alive!Chloè: (Rolls her eyes) Are you sure you didn't pay the magazine to write that?
                          By: Karlah Tadena Tala
                          In the family dinner.
                          Zion: Emerald's having a boyfriend. (Frowning.)Emerald: Yes! Harry! He's a gentleman and he told me I'm his princess.
                          (Zion Frowned more and became sulky.)
                          Eros: No sweety you're not having a boyfriend. Ever! Emerald: But Harry is so sweet. Eros: No honey. You gonna be a nun. You'll serve Jesus. Emerald: But I want a boyfriend and I'm getting a boyfriend! (Emerald protested.)Eros: And guess what? I'm gonna break his leg. Put him in the cupboard for years. (Emerald crossed her arms in irritation.)Emerald: No! I want a boyfriend and I'll get a boyfriend.( she yelled.) Eros: You should be like me. Your mommy is my only girlfriend before. Emerald: (Narrowed eyes) Oh really? Eros: Really. Emerald: Like Stella Valiente? (Eros Eyes widen)Emerald: And Kendra Packer? (Eros was silent)Emerald: And Trisha, Jennifer, Kylie--Eros:Whose even Kylie? Emerald : Your ex girlfriend. And then Jane, Athena, Aria, Lorraine, Genevieve, Liza?
                          (Emerald keeps on saying women's name which he didn't even remember the names. But for sure, it was one of his forgotten exs.)
                          Eros: Where did she knew that? (Rubbing his nape)

Book II - Chapter 16

Chapter Sixteen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          Zion's POV
                          "She's so cute! Why is she so cute? Did you see the way her hair looked when she bent down and hung in front of her eyes? Damnnnn... I would love to take a picture of that. She's so pretty, man and  she smiled at me... she smiled at me! I can't believe it." Izzy was talking non-stop about Claire.
                          "Calm down! She smiled at us, okay. The three of us." Harry said, tapping Izzy's shoulder.
                          We were in the pool at Harry and London's house swimming, when Claire Olsen arrived. She said 'hi' to us and immediately went back inside to hang out with London. She looked okay in navy blue jeans and white loose shirt with her white Adidas superstar shoes.
                          I don't get it. I don't find Claire Olsen attractive at all. I wonder what Izzy sees in her. She's too  skinny and plain for me. I prefer girls like Maddie. Pretty, a bit shy, smart and talented. She even looks great whatever she wears - maybe even in a potato sack. Most of the boys in school have a crush on her. I can't blame them. Maddie is almost perfect. 
                          "I wonder what Claire looks like at home. Does she sit around and wears cute pajamas? Maybe she sings and dances when nobody's looking. What do you think Zion?"
                          "I don't know." And I don't care. I wanted to tell Izzy that. I was not interested in anything... everything about Claire. She was not my type.
                          Izzy was freaking out when he learned that Claire was coming. He said that lately, he was always thinking about Claire and couldn't get her out of his mind. His feelings for her got so intense. He was so in love!
                          Honestly, I wanted to poke his head so hard. Chill dude. We're barely twelve and still on sixth grade. We can't be in love. Love is for grown ups. 
                          But I guess, I should be thankful though that Izzy had no crush on Maddie. I couldn't deny it. Izzy or Israel Yasin, was the heartthrob in school. He came from an Arabian descent and his very dark hair and thick eyebrows made the girls went gaga over him.  Izzy was humble about his looks. He said that he looked very ordinary in their country.
                          "Come on, it's time to open this beer." Harry was so excited. His plan was to experiment drinking beer today. He had a bottle of Budweiser beer hidden under the table since we got in his place.
                          "No. I'm not allowed to drink any alcohol until I'm 18." I said to Harry. Dad and mom would be upset if I was caught drinking. I would be grounded for a month.
                          "Me too." Israel said. "Dad will hang me upside down if he'll find out."
                          "It's only a beer with 5% alcohol." Harry insisted. "No one's going to tell them. It's our secret."
                          "No, I'm alright." I shook my head and drank my soda. It was a bad idea. There was no secret in our family. Dad had a way of knowing everything.
                          "Shit! This stings in my throat!" Harry's face looked funny after he gulped the beer. "It even taste so bitter." He put down the bottle on the table and pushed it away.
                          Izzy and I both laughed at him. 
                          Just in time, my sister Emerald appeared. What is she doing in here?!
                          "Hi Harry! Hi Izzy! Hi Zion." Emerald shouted.
                          "Hello pretty girl." Harry greeted Emerald.
                          "Why are you here?" I asked her. I don't understand why she keeps on following me.


"Mom sent me to tell you to go home." 
                          "What? I've been here for barely two hours."
                          "Two hours is a long time, brother." Emerald was frowning and her hands were on her waist. I couldn't believe sometimes that she was only six years old. She was acting like mom. "Is that beer you're drinking?"
                          "What?" Oh my God. I forgot the bottle of beer on the table.
                          "Someone's getting in trouble..." Emerald muttered to herself. "I'm going to tell dad."
                          Dang it!
                          "No Emerald. That's not mine."
                          "Dad will get mad. You'll be grounded for years." Emerald laughed. What the-- Where did she learn to laugh like that. Imitating an evil witch. Probably from watching too much Disney Princess stories.
                          "Zion was not drinking." Izzy said to Emerald. "Harry did."
                          "Really? Does it taste good, Harry?" Her attention was focused at Harry now.
                          "Nah.. I don't like it. I'm starting to feel sick in my stomach." 
                          "Can I try?" She asked sheepishly.
                          "NO!" I stood up and put on my shirt. "Have to go guys, I'll see you tomorrow."
                          
                          
                          Jade
                          I was surprised when Sapphire arrived with someone.
                          "Look who's here!" Sapphire's eyes gleamed excitedly the moment I opened the main door of our house.  "It's Joseph! Ta-daaaa..."
                          I couldn't believe seeing Joseph again. My goodness. 
                          I halted. 
                          Tongue-tied. Shocked. Frozen. My mouth even dropped open.
                          "Hello Jade." Joseph's eyes sparkled, assessing me up and down. "Ahh... you look great. Marriage really suits you well." I was even more surprised when he gathered me in his arms and kissed my cheeks.
                          "Hello." I murmured. He was really looking good too. Still looking very handsome, confident, smart and more mature. I looked at the car parked at the front door, it was the latest Ferrari. Great that he was doing so well with his job now.
                          I moved out of Joseph's arms immediately when I heard Emerald behind me.
                          "Um... Joseph, I want you to meet my daughter, Emerald. Emerald, say hello to uncle Joseph."
                          "Hi, Emerald. Nice to meet you. You're a very pretty girl. Just like your mom." Joseph said.
                          Emerald was staring at Joseph then looked at me - suspiciously. "I thought you don't have a brother, mommy."
                          "Uncle Joseph is not my brother. But he is a very good friend."
                          "He was our neighbor in New Jersey. Your mom and I grew up treating him like our older brother." Sapphire butted in. 
                          "Oh!" Emerald finally smiled.
                          "He's a doctor." Sapphire continued.
                          "Really? Like Dr. Sandra Lee?" Emerald asked, looking so amused.
                          "Um... ah... yeah. But he's a heart doctor." I said.
                          "A heart doctor?" Emerald said, touching her chest.
                          "Yeah." Joseph stooped down, facing Emerald.
                          "I want to be a heart doctor when I grow up, too."


"That's great."Joseph smiled. "Because I have something here that you will surely love." He lifted the big paper bag that he was holding.
                          "You have something for me?" Emerald was jumping happily now. "What is it? Let me see... let me see..."
                          "Come in, Joseph. Have a sit." I invited Joseph in the living room. Emerald was now holding his hand, and wouldn't leave until she got her gift.
                          Sapphire laughed. "She's always like that. She won't leave you alone. You have to give it to her now."
                          "I'll remember that. She's very cute." Joseph laughed also, opening the paper bag and getting something inside. Emerald peeped inside too. 
                          Emerald's eyes grew openly amused when she saw the little doctor kit that Joseph gave him. "Wow! This is mine?" 
                          "Yeah. You like it?"
                          "I love it." Emerald hugged Joseph. "Thank you Uncle doctor. Did you get something for Zion too?"
                          "Yes. I brought him the latest Harry Potter book. Hope he hasn't have this one yet." He showed us the book.
                          "No, he doesn't." I said then looked at Emerald. "Emerald tell Bruce to get Zion home, so he'll meet uncle Joseph, okay?"
                          Emerald nodded and left running outside.
                          ***
                          Joseph apologized for what he did the last time. It was not his intention to hurt me. He was saving me from making a mistake again. But it turned out, he was wrong about Eros. 
                          He was still working in Canada Medical Hospital and was one of the board of directors. He bought a house there. Yeah, he was still single. He broke up with his fiancee again. 
                          His passion was helping people, especially the indigents. It became his advocate in life. He've been to Southern Africa again in a medical mission twice.
                           Zion arrived with Emerald. Wearing shorts and crumpled shirt, and barefoot. His face and arms were red - from too much exposure from the sun. He'd been swimming at his friend's house, located across ours. 
                          I introduced Joseph to Zion. 
                          "Hello Zion. How are you?"
                          "Good afternoon, sir. I'm doing well. Thank you." 
                          Joseph was so surprised seeing Zion so tall already. Zion shook hands with him but Joseph was not contented with that, he hugged Zion. 
                          I was really touched. 
                          Joseph knew what I went through. How hard it was for me to get pregnant at 18. I just lost my dad at that time and lost everything we had. I had severe depression. Then the misery of giving Zion away to the Gonzales because I couldn't take care of him. 
                          "He's a doctor." Emerald said.
                          Zion looked impressed and took the book that Joseph brought for him. "Thank you. I really want to get hold of this book."
                          Joseph asked Zion about his studies, his hobbies and friends. Zion talked without inhibitions. I was proud of him talking like a man.  My little boy was growing up  so fast.
                          Joseph told him about me and Sapphire when we were young. The crazy stuffs we did when we were kids. Our simple life before in New Jersey and other things. 
                          All of us were laughing and stopped when the door suddenly opened. 
                          It was Eros.
                          
                          ***Please support me as an author***
                          Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends.
                          Thank You
                          
                          
                          
                          Here are the TGHNN Convo submitted by TGHNN readers:
                          Submitted by: Ijah Swifty
                          (Harry, Israel, Zion and Emerald Convo - While playing 'Truth or Dare')
                          Emerald: Zion... truth or dare?
                          Zion: uhhh..
                          Harry: Come on, Zion... it's your turn now. We all have done this.
                          Israel: Don't pressure him guys. Let him think first.
                          Zion:(Thinking... If I choose truth, they will make me answer a question about Maddie. I've better choose dare.) I choose dare!!!
                          (Harry, Israel and Emerald are smiling wickedly)
                          Zion: (Oh-oh) What!
                          Harry: We dare you...  to kiss Maddie. Tomorrow in our drama class!
                          Zion: What? No way! I'm not gonna do that guys!!
                          Israel: You're going to do it. You chose dare.
                          (All three of them are laughing)
                          Zion: Dang it!
                          Submitted by: Waterlilly123
                          (During Dinner at the Petrakis mansion)
                          Jade: I'm so proud of you Emerald. You can read so well already.
                          Eros: Yeah. Imagine, you're only six years old, that's a record breaker!
                          Emerald: Thank you daddy.
                          Zion: Most kids can read at six. I did, right?
                          Jade: Shhh.. (elbowed Zion)
                          Emerald: I got a letter today.
                          Eros: You did? 
                          Jade: From whom?
                          Emerald: I don't know. Can I read it?
                          Eros: Sure princess. Let us hear you read.
                          Emerald: Okay daddy.
                          (Everyone was waiting. Emerald took the letter from her jumpsuit and opened it)
                          Emerald: Dear maddie.
                          Zion: What? 
                          Jade: That's Maddie's letter? I thought it's for you.
                          Eros: (Eyes rolling) Let her finish reading, okay? Go on princess.
                          Emerald: I don't know how to tell you... what I want to tell you.... But I'm writing it down... and I never have a nerve to give you this letter. 
                          Zion: Come on, give me that!
                          Jade: Why, is that your letter for Maddie?
                          Zion: NO! (Deny, deny, deny)
                          Eros: Hey! Let Emmie finish okay. We should be proud she knows how to read already. Go on, Emmie.
                          Emerald: When... I look at you... I can't take my eye... off you.
                          Zion: Get me that! Where did you get that.
                          Emerald: On the floor.
                          (Zion snatched the letter angrily from Emerald's hand and left the table.)
                          Emerald: What did I do? (looking so confused).

Book II - Chapter 17

Chapter Seventeen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          "If love is a battlefield, makeup sex is the best part of the ceasefire."  - Jillian Stone, The Do It List 
                          
                          
                          Eros POV
                          I arrived home after seeing an important client from Germany. Normally, I didn't work on Saturdays, but Mr. Vogel would be leaving tomorrow, therefore we had to finalize the deal today. Our two-hour meeting stretched to six hours discussing and revising the business plan.  
                          I was surprised to see a red Ferrari in our driveway. I was impressed actually. It was the latest edition of the Ferrari supercars. I was contemplating buying the exact car a month ago. But because I was extremely busy, I always put it at back of my mind.
                          I wonder who our visitor is? Maybe my cousin Kobe.
                          I heard laughter. Jade's laughter and Sapphire. Then there was Emerald's high pitch voice followed by a man's deep voice. 
                          No. That's not Kobe. 
                          I opened the door, excited to join the fun. After a long day at work, I needed to unwind and enjoy. It was Saturday and the kids could sleep a bit late tonight. 
                          The laughter was getting louder as I came inside. It was like music in my ears and my mood immediately lightened. I was glad that my family was happy.
                          Whoever this visitor is, must be someone very close to our family. Perhaps I'm going to open one of my vintage wine collection tonight. 
                          I stood motionless at the entrance of the living room the moment I saw the man sitting between Zion and Emerald. Dr. Joseph Nevin. My mortal enemy.
                          My mood immediately switched sharply to anger. 
                          What the hell is he doing in here!
                          Everyone immediately went silent and stared at me - especially Jade, whose eyes opened wide, observing my reaction. I knew that look, liked scolding me to behave and not to do anything stupid at that moment. She often did it to our kids, and now she was doing it to me.
                          Damn! She expects me to calm down after seeing this demented doctor? Why is he here? Why can't he leave Jade alone? 
                          "Daddy!!!" Emerald shouted and ran towards me. I scoped her up in my arms and kissed her, diverting my attention and hiding my anger at the same time. 
                          "Look what I got! Uncle Joseph gave me a little doctor kit, daddy. He gave Zion a Harry Potter book too."
                          Uncle Joseph! What the hell! He's acting like a resurrected uncle now and giving gifts to my kids! I can't allow that. And why the heck Jade let this happen. She knew how I hated the mere mention of the doctor's name, how much more seeing him in our own house.
                          "Hi honey. How's work?" Jade stood up and moved closer to me. She tiptoed and kissed my cheek. My cheek. Fuck! She normally kissed my lips, and now that we had this abnormal doctor here, I got a kiss on my cheek!
                          "Fine." I murmured, clenching my teeth to control my anger.
                          "Remember Joseph?" Jade said. Her cheeks suddenly flushed. I knew she realized that it was not the right thing to say.
                          I nodded and allowed her to drag me towards the sofa set. The lunatic doctor stood up and extended his hand for a handshake. 
                          I looked at Jade and her eyes softened and pleaded for understanding. Dammit! You have a lot of explaining to do later, Mrs. Petrakis.


"Hello, man. Good to see you again." The doctor said. I took his hand and gave him a strong firm handshake - enough to make him flinch.
                          "What are you doing here?" I shot him a cold look. I would not pretend that he was not welcome here in my family's home. 
                          "Um... he's just visiting. You know, just like old friends..." Jade rescued him. As always.
                          "I brought him here. He wanted to see Jade and the kids." Sapphire butted in. 
                          My thoughts were racing dangerously. There was nothing I would like to do at that moment than to kick his ass out of my house. 
                          "Uncle Joseph is a doctor daddy." Emerald was playing with a toy stethoscope, and put the bell on my chest. "You're heart is beating so fast."
                          I wanted to tell my daughter that it was because, I was controlling myself from murdering someone. 
                          I sat down and put Emerald on the seat beside me. Zion stood up and kissed my cheek before he settled next to me, scanning the Harry Potter book. I never knew that there was a new released Harry Potter book. Or else, I could have buy one for him. 
                          Jade and Sapphire was talking to the doctor again and I was there, listening to their conversation like an idiot. They were talking about people I didn't even know. Who the hell is Maxine, Tricia, Keith ad Jim? Jade didn't mention any of those names before.
                          He said a joke. And Jade was laughing so hard. How could she laugh at his joke? I hated that he could make Jade laugh.
                          My anger became a scalding fury. I was jealous as hell.
                          "So, how many kids do you have?" I interrupted their conversation and they became silent again. 
                          "Um.. he's not married." Jade answered for him again. Why is she  always doing that? She was acting like his spoke person. 
                          "What happened to your fiancee?" I asked him.
                          He shrugged his shoulders. "We're incompatible."
                          The same lame excuse of a douchebag. 
                          Damn him. The way his eyes gleamed every time he looked at Jade made me want to rip his throat. He still loves Jade and I know he's wishing me dead so he can take my place as Jade's husband and  father of my kids. NO WAY! I won't allow that to happen. 
                          "I have to go. I'm going to attend a fundraising event tonight." The doctor stood up.
                          I was relieved. At last, he was leaving.
                          "Oh! Let's have dinner first." I was surprised to hear Jade inviting him for dinner. Much more when she asked me. "You don't mind honey, right?"
                          "Ah... " The way Jade looked at me made me nod my head.
                          "That's great! We can play that card game you taught us when we were kids." Sapphire said excitedly.
                          "Teach me too..." Emerald shouted.
                          "I'm sorry. Maybe next time. I really have to go." The doctor said. "I need to be there early."
                          "Okay. Next time then." Jade said.
                          "Well, I've better go home too. Can you drop me off our house Joseph?" Sapphire moved closer to Joseph.
                          "Yeah sure."
                          Finally he left with Sapphire. I exhaled heavily. Good riddance!
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          It was so silent during dinner. Nobody was talking. The only sound I could hear was the tinkling of the table utensils. 
                          I looked at Eros eating his food in silence. He was angry. I knew his mood very well. 
                          Zion was eating in silence too. He could sense that something was wrong between his parents so he preferred not to ask about it.
                          But Emerald was uneasy. She looked at me then at Eros. "Mommy, daddy. Are you quarrelling?"
                          Eros and I looked at each other. He cupped his glass of water and lifted it to his lips.
                          "No. Daddy is just tired." I said to Emerald. "Eat your vegetable."
                          "Okay." She took a big bite of her broccoli then asked Eros. "Daddy, can I be a doctor when I grow up?"
                          Eros put down his fork and knife then faced Emerald. "Being a princess is more exciting, Emmie."
                          "Really? Oh, I'll stick being a princess."
                          "You have to marry a prince to become a princess." Zion said.
                          "Is Harry a prince?" Emerald asked Zion.
                          Zion frowned. "NO. Will you stop dreaming of marrying Harry. You're still six."
                          In our bedroom:
                          "You're upset." I said to Eros when he went out of the bathroom, wearing a white shirt and gray pyjama.
                          "Who wouldn't? You invited him here." He whirled to stare at me, quick anger rising in his eyes.
                          I heaved a sigh. "I didn't. You heard Sapphire. She brought him here."
                          "Why the hell did you let your sister bring that man here. You knew how I hated him being near you. Can't you see? He's still in love with you. He'll do anything to ruin us, our marriage." His expression was thunderous now.
                          "What are you talking about? He apologized for what he did before. So, let's forget about it. It's all in the past."
                          "Ha! I don't trust him. The way he looked at you... made me want to kill him. To think that I was there. He was not embarrassed staring at you."
                          I felt suddenly weak and vulnerable in the face of his anger. "Joseph is a good man. He won't do anything to ruin our marriage. In fact, he's happy for me, for us."
                          "Really? You believe him?" He chuckled nastily. "That's the most stupid thing I've ever heard."
                          I licked my lower lip, managing to quell my anger. "Eros, you have to consider that he's my friend. We grew up together in New Jersey..."
                          "Did you just call me Eros?"
                          That stopped me too. I was upset by his anger and jealousy that I called him Eros. Not honey. Not sweetheart. Not baby. I didn't realize that he would notice.
                          "Suddenly I'm not your honey anymore because that doctor came back. Is that it?"
                          "What?" My temper rose in response. 
                          "You didn't even kiss my lips when I arrived! Why, are you embarrass? Huh!"
                          "You're shouting." I glared at him angrily. 
                          "I'm not shouting. I'm just telling you that you're defending him always. You're like his spoke person, answering on his behalf."
                          "I'm not doing that."
                          "You did! Shit! Tell me. Are you still in love with him?"
                          "What? You're unbelievable. What is wrong with you? I married you. Joseph is just like my brother."
                          "Brother?" He wrinkled his nose and shook his head. "Believe me, he was not looking at you like a sister. He was stripping you with his eyes in front of me. He wanted to fuck you!"
                          That was the last straw. I couldn't hold my temper anymore. My hand raised and slapped him hard on his face.
                          
                          ***Please support me as an author***
                          Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends.
                          Thank You

Book II - Chapter 18




"No... I don't know."
                          "Don't worry. Mommy still loves you." She said. Her small hand patting my head.
                          "Yeah." And I love her so much. I can't imagine my life without her in it.
                          She covered me with her blanket and hugged me. "I loved you, daddy."
                          "I love you too, Emmie." 
                          She kissed my forehead and curled beside me.
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "What's going on, mom?"
                          I wiped my tears as I heard Zion on the doorway. I was so engrossed with my thoughts that I didn't hear him entered the bedroom.
                          "Dad sent me here."
                          "He did?" I felt a bit of hope hearing that. I was certain that Eros was so angry at me now. I was afraid he wouldn't forgive me for slapping him. God! What was I thinking. Why did I slap him?
                          Zion sat beside me on the bed and caressed my back, comforting me. "It's okay, mom. Don't cry too hard."
                          "Where is he?"
                          "I left him in my room."
                          Maybe he wouldn't sleep here in our room tonight. If that would happen, it would be the first time since we got married. Oh... what is wrong with me. Why did I slap him.
                          I was really upset with Eros. It hurt so much that he didn't trust me. If he really loved me, then he should have trusted me.
                          I loved him so much and told him that too many times, every single day. I married him... we have two kids. We were so happy together and shared everything, our hopes and dreams, our plans for the future, our family and our lives. Then why of a sudden, he doubted my feelings for him? He didn't trust me enough. What hurt most was that, he thought I loved Joseph, until now.
                          Eros haven't change. He was still jealous of Joseph. I explained to him too many times that Joseph was just a friend, like a brother. But he refused to listen. He didn't want me to mention Joseph's name, ever. Joseph Nevine was part of my life... and my sister's. For years we grew up together in New Jersey. He was the brother that I never had for eighteen years. If Eros would deprive me of that, it was like depriving me part of my past. He had to accept my friendship with Joseph and learn to trust me.
                          Joseph already apologized about what happened in the past but Eros wouldn't accept it. It was hard to convince Eros that Joseph wouldn't do anything to ruin our marriage. Why should he feel so insecure with Joseph? I have given him everything, my love and my life. We got married and vowed to love and cherish each other for the rest of our lives. We have our kids - the fruits of our unconditional love. How could he doubted my love for him?
                          Oh God. And now, I just slapped him. I regretted doing that. I was not able to hold my temper. I shouldn't have done that. 
                          I recalled again and again what Eros said that made me slapped him. 'He was stripping you with his eyes in front of me. He wanted to fuck you!' The word 'fuck you... fuck you...' was like a record player that kept on ringing in my mind.
                          "Are you okay?" Zion asked.
                          I shrugged my shoulders.
                          "You should sleep early so you'll feel better in the morning. Tomorrow when you and dad have a clear head, you can talk about it."
                          I nodded.
                          Zion tucked me into bed and kissed my cheeks. "I love you mom. Don't worry, okay? Everything will be fine."


"Thank you. I love you too."
                          I remembered him lying beside me  and hugged me before I drifted to sleep.
                          I woke up at midnight alone on the bed. I was not used sleeping alone and I missed Eros so badly. 
                          I felt so bad and anxious. I shouldn't have slapped him. I have to talk to him now and say sorry. I went out of bed and looked for him. He was not in the guest room and not in Zion's room either. I was afraid that he left the house and spent the night somewhere. My heart was pounding so hard that I could hear it in my ears. Fear. Worry. Anxiety. Where is he?
                           I went to Emerald's room and saw him sleeping beside Emerald. I was relieved.
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          "You deserve that slap, man." My bestfriend, Iñigo Monteiro said. I woke up so early and called him for a kickboxing match. 
                          "Yeah. If I was Jade, I should have slapped you twice and poke your head with a slipper." Chloe butted in. She've just arrived with her youngest son, Daniel. "You just showed that you didn't trust her and that hurts her feelings."
                          "She married you man. You have two kids. She gave up her career so she can take care of you and the kids. Still, you're doubting her love for you?"
                          "You're a selfish, egoistic, possessive, jealous..." Chloe continued. 
                          "Hey!" I snapped at my sister. She had no filter with her words when it came to me.
                          "Sorry, brother. I just don't understand why are you so insecure with that guy, huh?"
                          "Excuse me? I don't have any insecurities with anyone, particularly with that lunatic doctor. Both of you don't understand what I'm saying. Jade is still into him!" I argued with them. 
                          Iñigo shook his head. "How could you say that?"
                          "The way she acted and her eyes sparkled whenever she looked at him. He even made her laugh at his silly jokes.  Dammit! It was not even funny." 
                          "She's just being friendly and polite. We girls do that. Laugh at silly jokes." Chloe said while chasing her toddler son. "Your jealousy will surely kill you."
                          "You need to talk to Jade." Iñigo tapped my shoulder. "Be a man."
                          ***
                          Before I went home, I had a coffee with Donovan and my head security Rob Brent at Starbucks.
                          "Nah... what she did is wrong. You're a man, her husband. Where's the respect there if she slapped you." Rob said.
                          "She didn't mean to do it. I know Jade, she's an angel." Donovan argued with Rob, then turned to me. "You provoked her and that made her slap you."
                          "What she did is domestic violence." Rob reasoned out. "That's not allowed in the country, man."
                          "It's not intentional. She felt being attacked and that's her way of defending herself." Donovan still defended Jade.
                          Rob shook his head and faced me. "You should give her a lesson though. If you forgive her right away, she'll get used to it and think that it's fine to hurt you physically. You know girls and how their mind works. Let her suffer a bit."
                          "How?" I asked.
                          "Ignore her for two weeks." Rob suggested.
                          "Two weeks? I can't bear not talking to Jade even in a single day." The thought was so unpleasant. It made my heart feel so heavy.
                          "Okay, make it a week, man. And sleep in the guest room."
                          "No, I don't think I can do it. I won't feel comfortable sleeping without Jade. Last night was a torture already, how much more a week without her. It would be like famine, man."
                          "Yeah, at first. But don't worry, you'll get used to it."
                          "That's a good idea." Donovan said. "The best thing to do is talk to Jade and patch up."
                          "That's weak. What she did is something that you should not tolerate. Be a man and do it" Rob said.
                          I drove home thinking of what Rob said. 
                          ***Please support me as an author***
                          Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends.
                          Thank You
                          
                          
                          
                          TGHNN CONVO submitted by avid readers for fun (and not part of the story).
                          By: Duniella23
                          (Zion saw Emerald smiling.)
                          Zion: Hey why are you smiling?
                          Emerald: I am smiling because I saw my prince. (Emerald giggled)
                          Zion: Yeah, right. You saw me. Haha
                          Emerald: Eww, Zion! You are not my prince. I was referring to Harry.
                          Zion: What the-- Listen to me, Emy. I am your prince.
                          Emerald: No you are not.
                          Zion: Tss, whatever.
                          
                          By: Krizha Alaine Dela Serna
                          (Breakfast Table)
                          Emerald: Mommy, I had a dream last night. Jade: What is it baby?Emerald: I dreamt that all of you were zombies, and I'm the only alive left.Eros: Oh really baby? Then what happened?Zion: You turned into a zombie too, am I right?Emerald: No, they didn't. Because I'm the princess. They're not allowed to eat me
                          Eros: (Secretly grabs the ketchup and smudges it in his face)Jade: Oh really? (smirking) Eros: (scares Emerald) Waaahhhh!!!! I'm gonna eat you Princess! Emerald: Waaahhhhhh!!!! (runs immediately to her room and locked it)All of them laughed so hard.
                          
                          By: Waterlilly123
                          Zion bumped accidentally at Claire in the Cafeteria.
                          Zion: Oops! Sorry Claire. I didn't see you. [Holding Claire's hand and pulled her up].
                          Claire: It's okay. I- I'm sorry too. I-I wasn't looking where I was going [stammering]
                          Zion: You sure you're okay? 
                          Claire. Yeah. Um... bye [left in a hurry]
                          Izzy and Harry arrived.
                          Izzy: Hey man! I saw that. What did you do to my girl?
                          Zion: Sorry man. I didn't see her.
                          Harry: Zion got to hold Claire's hand [evil laugh]
                          Izzy: Yeah. I'm so jealous. I hate you man. You touched her hand... damn it. How did her hand feels like? Was it soft? 
                          Zion: Yeah. Very soft.
                          Izzy: Give me your hand, let me smell her.
                          [Izzy and Harry smelling Zion's hand]
                          Izzy: It smells like...
                          Harry: Her lunch.
                          [The three boys were laughing]

Book II - Chapter 19

Chapter Nineteen (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          Forgiveness is a key element in healthy long-term marriages. It is the oil that lubricates a love relationship, and it's an oil we need daily. Forgiveness is not a one-time event; it's an attitude of wanting to partner with your spouse in spite of his or her imperfections and irritations. (David and Claudia Arp)
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          Mom arrived in the house with Sapphire, so early the following morning bringing her homemade chocolate muffins. It was Zion's favourite. 
                          We were having breakfast and I couldn't help but told them about what happened last night.
                          "You shouldn't have brought Joseph here." Mom said to Sapphire.
                          "Why not? I don't see any problem there." Sapphire lifted one eyebrow. 
                          "You know how jealous Eros is with Joseph."
                          "He's acting like a kid. He should learn to overcome his insecurities." Sapphire sipped her hot choco. "Joseph wants to see Jade. He's like a family to us. If Eros really loves Jade and he cares about her, and us as his family, then he should accept our friendship withJoseph."
                          "I know. But we should also understand him - his feelings." Mom answered.
                          "But what about our feelings, and Jade's? It's not reasonable to give up our friendship with Joseph just because of his jealousy."
                          Mom shook her head, disagreeing with Sapphire. "We have to adjust."
                          "Nope. That is so wrong mom. No...no... no... Just because he's the great and lordly billionaire, Petrakis, who graduated with flying colours in Harvard and speak multi languages, we're the one to adjust and tolerate his stubborn attitude? No way."
                          "Sapphire!" Mom scolded my sister. "He's your brother in-law."
                          "Sorry, Jade." Sapphire gave me an apologetic look then bit a chunk of cheese. "There's no reason for him to get jealous. He's married to you. He got you 24/7 and you have kids. He's being irrational."
                          I heaved a sigh then sipped my coffee. "He has some weaknesses, he's not a perfect man, Saph. This thing about Joseph is just too hard for him to  get over with."
                          "He's so insecure with Joseph." Sapphire put a whole chicken nugget inside her mouth. 
                          "Just jealous." Mom corrected Sapphire.
                          "Okay, jealous. Whatever." Sapphire turned to me. "You have to talk about Joseph. Make him understand that Joseph is not a threat to your marriage."
                          "I tried. But you know that the mere mention of Joseph's name made him upset already."
                          "Yeah, I know." Sapphire smiled. She was a savage girl. She enjoyed teasing Eros by asking Emerald 'Who is Baby Jesus' daddy?'
                          "It's good that you slapped him. I hope it was hard enough to align his crooked brain." Sapphire continued.
                          "Sapphire. What's wrong with you? The other day, you said you love Eros and he's the best brother ever because he gave you an iPhone 7. And now, you talking against him!" Mom scolded my sister, again. 
                          "I love Eros as my brother, as well as Joseph. I care about him, he's part of our family now.  I just want him to change. That's all."
                          Mom nodded and turned to me. "You shouldn't have slapped him Jade. That's a bad thing to do. Apologize and tell him that you regretted what you did. You can't blame him for being so mad at you."


"I know. I regretted what I did. That was a very bad thing to do. And now, I'm so worried. I can't stand him being mad at me. My heart feels so heavy. I hope we'll be able to talk and settle this today."
                          "I'll keep my fingers cross, Dee."
                           ***
                          Eros arrived at around nine in the morning.  I just had a shower and  I was sitting behind the vanity dresser combing my hair. 
                          He entered our bedroom without even looking at me. He dumped his bag on the floor then sat down on the bed and kicked his shoes off. 
                          I could feel the tension between us. I wanted to work out immediately what we could do to make it go away. The situation was so uncomfortable.
                          "Have you eaten your breakfast?" I asked him.
                          He stiffened and murmured. "Yup." Then he stood up and opened one of his closets. His eyes were so cold and proud.
                          He was still upset. 
                          I stood up and went closer to him. But he was quick in moving away before I could touch him. I felt rejected. Hurt. Unloved.
                          "Um... where's my kiss?" I still had the courage to ask. Eros was a sweet guy. He never failed kissing me whenever he arrived home.
                          He looked at me then gave me a kiss on my lips that barely touch. It was not a sweet kiss... more like someone being forced or obligated to do it. 
                          "Can we talk?" I asked him. I wanted to sort out the tension between us. It felt so heavy in my heart and I wanted it to go away. "Please, honey..." I pleaded and touched his forearm. I could feel his muscles tensed suddenly under my fingertips. 
                          "Not now, Jade." He said and brushed my hand away. His eyes were full of remoteness. He looked like a stranger at that moment. 
                          "I'm so sorry, honey. Please... forgive me..."
                          He held up a hand to silence me. "I said not now." His voice was very authoritative and distant - creating a barrier between us. He reminded me of the Eros I first worked with. So arrogant, cold and heartless.
                          I stepped back and clasped my hands together. There was no point of insisting for a talk right now. We have to wait until we both have calmed down.
                          "I understand." I almost whispered. I could feel his sharp eyes assessing me before he went to the bathroom. 
                          The heavy feeling was too much. I felt like I was being punished. But I have to be strong. Soon, we would settle this and everything would be back to normal.
                          Space. He needs space right now and I'm going to give him that.
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          It was after lunch and Jade haven't arrived yet. When I went out of the bathroom this morning, I saw her note on the bedside table. She wanted a time by herself - to think. She would be at her mom's place to help with the gardening.
                          To think. She really needed to think and analyze what happened. 
                          Well, I hope she'll figure out what she did wrong. She defended that lunatic doctor and slapped me. 
                          I looked at my watch, it was three o'clock. She was gone for six hours. I looked at Emerald who was sprawled on the floor, playing with our dog, Happy. 
                          "Emmie."
                          Emerald's head went up. "Yes, daddy?"
                          I put down my laptop on the center table and stood up. "Come here, princess. Let's call your mom, okay? Ask her what time she'll be home."  


I went to where the phone was and about to pressed my mother in-law's number when Emerald said stubbornly. "Why don't you talk to mom? You're holding the phone already, daddy."
                          I exhaled heavily. "I can't. Your mom is mad at me."
                          Emerald rolled on her stomach and grabbed her iPad. "She's not. Mommy doesn't know how to get mad."
                          "Emmie. Be a good girl princess and do what I say."
                          Emerald pouted and stood up. "Why are you not talking to mommy?"
                          "We have a little misunderstanding. It's something that parents do sometimes and kids your age don't understand that yet."
                          "Oh-ohhh... but you're not divorcing, right?"
                          I was taken aback by what Emerald said. What the hell!
                          "Of course not, Emmie. Who gave you that idea?" The thought of divorcing Jade was very alarming and disturbing to my whole being. I would never ever let that thing happen to us. 
                          "Spongebob." Emmie answered innocently. "Spongebob divorced his wife because... she did not laugh at his jokes."
                          "What? Couple don't get divorce just because of that, Emmie."
                          "Oh... Spongebob did." Emerald insisted. "He heard a man laughing at his jokes under the bed."
                          Oh God. 
                          I pressed Ruby's number and gave the receiver to Emerald.
                          "Hello, Grandma. The muffins are delicious... Happy likes it too... can you bring strawberry muffin next time? You're going to watch a movie? Can I go with you? Zion is not here. He's at Harry's house... Remember that movie when..."
                          I held Emerald's small arm, reminding her the reason why we called her grandma. She suddenly stared at me then raised her hand up to silence me. 
                          "Talk to your mom." I whispered at her softly, making sure that I wouldn't be heard on the other line. "Tell her to give the phone to your mom."
                          "What?" Emerald asked me.
                          "Shhh. Talk to your mom. Ask her what time she'll be home." I whispered again, making hand signals at the same time. 
                          "What?" Emerald asked me again. "Why are you whispering, daddy. I can't understand you. Ooops, sorry grandma."
                          Emmie!!!
                          "Ask what time your mom will be home." I said in my normal voice. I didn't care anymore if Ruby heard me. 
                          "Okay." Emerald said and asked her grandma. She listened carefully then focused her attention on me again. "Grandma said that mom just dropped by this morning. She went downtown to meet a friend."
                          "Who?"
                          "I don't know." Emerald answered me. 
                          I rolled my eyes and stared back at her. "Ask your grandma."
                          "Grandma doesn't know also, daddy."
                          I was bothered. Very disturbed. Who the hell is she meeting with right now? I looked at my watch again. It was three thirty already.
                          Emerald put down the phone and went to grab her play doctor kit on top of the counter table. Then she sprawled on the carpeted floor beside Happy. She was auscultating Happy's heart sounds.
                          I closed my eyes and leaned my back on the armchair. Crazy images started corrupting my brain. What if Jade's spending her day with the lunatic doctor? He's still here in New York for sure. What if they're having lunch together... perhaps having coffee or strolling in the park? Talking. Laughing. Holding hands... Kissing.


No! NO! NO!
                          Fucking Shit! No. No way. I'm getting so paranoid. Jade wouldn't do that. I knew her so will. She couldn't do that to me and to our kids. She loves us. 
                          I was staring at my watch, counting the minutes left before four. I need to call her now or else I'll go crazy. 
                          Shit! I shouldn't have listen to Rod's stupid suggestion in ignoring Jade. He didn't know anything about women. He was still single at fifty! Dammit. I can't punish Jade, I love her. She's the love of my life.
                          The main door opened. My heart leaped up thinking it was Jade. But it was Zion with his friends, Harry and Izzy.
                          "Harry!" Emerald shouted. Her eyes grew bigger. I didn't like the idea of Emerald admiring this British boy, Harry too much. She was still too young. And Harry was kinda bad boy. He initiated playing pranks at school, get into trouble sometimes and his parents were called twice in the principal's office.  I just wished that in the future, she would get over her childhood crush on him.
                          "Hi Emmie." Harry winked at her then turned to me, smiling. "Hello Mr. Petrakis. Nice hair."
                          Nice hair? I touched my hair. What is wrong my hair?
                          "Good afternoon, sir." Izzy said. I liked this Arab boy better. He was a very smart, athletic and a good kid. He was a good influence to Zion.
                          I nodded at the two boys before they turned and followed Zion upstairs - to his room. 
                          My mind went back to Jade. I have to call her now. I pressed her number, but it was busy. Then again... and again... 
                          Dammit. Where the hell is she? Who's the friend she's meeting with?
                          *** Don't forget to Vote, Comment and Share to your friends***
                          
                          
                          Here's the TGHNN Convo submitted by the Readers:
                          Submitted by: Krizha Dela Serna
                          Zion is auditioning for a role in a movie. Zion: Mom, I'm nervous. Jade: Just stay calm sweetie 'cause I know you'll do great! You're my talented son. Zion: I know mom. But seeing Angelina Jolie makes me wanna pee in my pants. Jade: Well, show her that you deserve to be in that role. Zion: I have to be motivated. Jade: Why don't you think about your loved ones? Zion: ...Voice: Zion Petrakis! You're next! Jade: You can do it baby. Zion: Thanks mom.
                          Zion goes in front of the director, the other staffs and Angelina Jolie. Zion: Hi I'm Zion Petrakis. And I'm auditioning for the role of Chris. Director: Okay, perform your monologue in three, two, one, Action!!
                          Zion: Oh Maddie! I'm sorry for everything! Please forgive me for all my mistakes. I just can't live without you. I love you Maddie, I truly love you. Please don't leave me. *Zion on his knees, crying* (A short pause) Director: Cut! Okay stand up. Angelina: Wow. I'm impressed Zion. Zion: (wiping his eyes) thank you.Director: Thanks for that performance. We'll contact you if you're fit for the role.
                          The next two days. (Phone rings) Zion: Hello? Voice: Congratulations Zion! You got the role of Chris! See us tomorrow, 8am.
                          Hahaha! This is lame. But hope you like it.
                          Submitted By: Salwa Baloch
                          I wrote such a thing for 1st time , don't mind it please.
                          Emerald is doing Eros's makeup while he's sleeping. When she's done she sees him and giggles and goes downstairs to call Jade."Mommyyy where are you. " she screams . "In here." She calls from guest room,where whole Petrakis family is gathered."Grandpaaa " she squeals and jumps in his lap."Hey Emiee ,I was calling you, where were you. " "I was doing daddy's makeup " she giggled ."You did daddy's makeup.?" Jade was surprised." Yes , come see him Mommy , come on grandpa " she jumped off his lap and dragged him upstairs ,everyone followed her.Emerald opens the door and everybody bursts out laughing , Emerald laughs happily.Eros wakes up to laughing noise confused, and sits up. He scratches his head and a pin falls in his lap ,."Daddy you ruined hairstyle " Emerald jumped in bed and fixed his hair. "Why all of you are laughing .?" He asked annoyed. "Here honey... you've to see it " Jade hands him a mirror , he takes mirror eying everybody suspiciously. "WHAT THE HELL.." and everybody bursts out laughing again. "What did you do Emie " He rubs red lipstick on his cheeks spreading it more in process ,he asks Emerald who's busy laughing too. "I did your makeup Daddy , you look pretty " she bounces in his lap.Eros sees the mirror again and jumps into washroom.
                          Submitted by: @lifes_23
                          Eros and Emerald
                          Eros: (driving)Emerald: Daddy Eros: yes baby?Emerald: why is there a tree in the middle of the road?Eros: (stops car immediately)what?! What tree?! Where is it?Emerald: Daddy why do you look mad?Eros: I'm not I'm just being cautiousEmerald: what does cautious mean?Eros: I'll tell you when we get home. Now where is the tree you saw?Emerald: (points) Right there daddy.Eros: (looks and thinks) Damn it,its the air freshener, that's hanging on the rear windowEmerald: What is it daddy?Eros: Nothing, nothing sweetheart nothing . (sighs deeply and continues driving)
                          Submitted by: waterlilly123
                          Zion, Izzy and Harry (location: Harry's house - pool area)
                          Harry: Come on guys, drink your beer.
                          Zion: I don't like it, it stings in my throat.
                          Izzy: I'll just have a sip. 
                          Harry: It taste like water. Be a man, stop acting like girls, haha.
                          Izzy: What's that? (Looking up.)
                          Harry: What the fuck! It's a drone.
                          Zion: Hide the beers... hide the beers... it's dad's drone!!!

Book II - Chapter 20

Chapter Twenty (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. - The Holy Bible, 1 Corinthians 13:4-7
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          I was feeling so down. Unhappy. Nothing could make me smile at the moment. Eros was mad at me and it brought heaviness in my heart. I didn't like this feeling. A combination of sadness, worries and regret. 
                          I wished I had a time machine so I could turn back the time where this conflict started. I could have handled the situation well. 
                          I was eager for Eros and Joseph to become friends. I thought after seven years, that was enough time for Eros to forgive and forget what happened in the past. But I was wrong. It wouldn't make a difference if it would be a year, ten years or a hundred years... Eros would still hate Joseph.
                          I heaved a long sigh. My spirit was in chaos and my mind reeled with confusion. What am I going to do to resolve this issue?
                          Communication. Experts said that it was  the key in having a successful marriage. 
                          But Eros didn't want to talk to me. I understand that he was not yet ready and he needed space.
                          I drove to my mom's house. I was desperate to talk to someone... anyone. A friend. Someone who understood me. That would be Rachel.
                          I stopped the car in my mom's driveway and texted Rachel Niarchos. She became my best friend since we first met, seven years ago. We were both pregnant at that time. Me with Emerald, and she with her eldest child, Athena. Her Greek husband, Ares Niarchos was Eros' childhood friend.
                          Rachel and I were the same. We were able to relate each other's hardships and struggles in life. Sharing our experiences made us understand what we went through and drew us closer like sisters. 
                          I was talking to my mom when Rachel called me. 
                          "What happened? 
                          "Oh, I feel so bad of myself, Rachel. I'm a terrible person."
                          "That sounds serious."
                          "It is."
                          Rachel paused then said. "Let's meet at the Sweetdreamer Café right now." 
                          "Are you sure? Ares won't mind?"
                          "He won't. He's teaching the kids to swim. But I have to be back at four to prepare for our dinner date later."
                          "Oh, fine. Thank you so much, Rachel."
                          "Nah... What are friends are for."
                          Rachel and I met at Sweetdreamer Café. The Café was our favorite place to hang out. It was one of the most beautiful cafes  in the city with a calm and relaxing ambience.  It was secluded from the very busy city life. A double storied cafe, exquisitely decorated with verandah seating. Beautiful flowers in different kind and lush greenery surrounded it. Their coffee was amazingly delicious as well as their food. The owner/manager, Neilani Alejandrino was a good friend of ours. A romance author and a Wattpad Star. She wrote beautiful love stories that kept us inspired and believed in true love. 


"You did the right thing by giving him space. I can see that he's really hurt and angry. Showering with apologies and  explanations while he's very emotional is not a good idea. It will just upset him more. It's unlikely that he will respond in your favor. He just needs some time to process what's happened... the situation and his feelings." Neilani said.
                          "How will I know that it's time to approach him?" I asked.
                          "You will. You can tell from his mood and actions." She took a sip of her coffee and continued. "Just wait for him to calm down, Jade."
                          "Okay. I will." 
                          "I did the same thing when I had a fight with Ares the other month. Remember?" Rachel turned to me and I nodded. 
                          I remembered her telling me about their fight. Her phone was in silent mode while she went shopping with her kids. Ares was calling her because he cancelled his business appointment so he could spend time with them. Ares got so mad that Rachel didn't answer her phone. He told her when she got home to throw her phone because it was useless, she could not be reached.
                          "Don't argue the point with him. Accept that what you did is wrong. At the moment, don't try to explain it away and making excuses. That would only make him more angrier and hurt, just focus on taking responsibility and making amends." Neilani said.
                          "Yeah. You know men and their oversized egos. Especially that we both married Greek men, with too much pride." Rachel butted in.
                          Neilani laughed. "That's true. I can relate to both of you. My dad is half Greek."
                          "Oh really?" 
                          "My dad was very strict and a disciplinarian to us his kids. He was hardworking, a very good provider to his family, faithful and a loving husband. Basically, most men are like that, whatever race, culture or religion. Men really wants to win the love of a girl  he treated like a princess, to win a fight for her, rescue her from dragons or wicked witch or some other great danger, to marry her, and to live happily ever after."
                          "Definitely Eros. He'll do anything for me and our kids. Very protective, loving and caring."
                          "Ares is the same." Rachel turned to me.
                          "You're both lucky women. You found good loving husbands. Be grateful of that gift. Show your husbands how much you love and appreciate them." Neilani advised us before we left the coffee shop and went to a spa and beauty salon. 
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          Four fifteen.
                          Just when I gave up calling Jade, she entered the house looking so radiant and happy. A soft smile plastered on her face.
                          Where did she go? Who was with her? What happened to her phone?  Too many questions I wanted to ask her but saving it for later. The most important was, she already arrived home. 
                          "Mommy!" Emerald shrieked with excitement. She leaped out of the couch and ran towards Jade. 
                          Jade kissed Emerald's cheek and pulled her in a tight embrace.
                          "Hmm... your hair smells terrific mommy." Emerald said, running her small fingers through Jade's hair. "It's so smooth. Did you go to the beauty salon?"
                          "Yeah, I did."
                          "Can I go with you next time, mommy? I want to have my nails done."
                          I was in the couch, listening to their conversation. I was waiting also for Jade to approach me. She did in a little while but I could feel her hesitancy. 


"Hi." She said and gave me a brief kiss on my lips. She pulled away before I could grasp her nape, to prolong the kiss.
                          "Mom!" Zion shouted behind her. "Did you get me a clear exam pencil case?"
                          "It's in my bag. You want it now?" 
                          "Yep."
                           Jade went towards Zion and out of the living room.
                          
                          ***During dinner.
                          "These chicken wings are delicious daddy." Emerald took a big bite of her chicken.
                          I smiled at Emerald then looked at Jade.
                          "I like the Beef Teriyaki better." Zion said.
                          "Delicious?" 
                          "Very." Zion answered.
                          I looked  at Jade again, then her plate. I noticed she was not eating the Beef Teriyaki. 
                          I cooked her favorite foods that evening. Buffalo Chicken Wings, Beef Teriyaki with steamed rice and tried making California Maki for the first time. I wanted her to be happy. 
                          I scooped a small amount of the Beef Teriyaki and put it on Jade's plate. She murmured her thanks and ate it.
                          I took her glass and poured a small amount of her favorite red wine. She made a sideway glance at me and smiled. 
                          My heart fluttered. I felt like a big thorn was lifted out of my chest. 
                          "Where have you been?" I finally asked her. 
                          "Oh... I was at the Sweetdreamer Café."
                          "The whole time?"
                          "No. Actually I was with Rachel. We went to a spa and beauty salon afterwards."
                          I nodded. I was actually relieved. My mind went crazy thinking of her with that demented doctor.
                          I loved and trusted Jade. I knew she wouldn't do anything to betray my trust on her. But this jealousy inside me was pretty crazy, continued to gnaw my insides like a disease.
                          
                          ***Later that evening
                          "It's you that I love, not him. I married you because I can't live without you. Life is meaningless if I won't spend it with you - for the rest of my life. I... just don't know... how to prove it to you that I love you with all my heart. Eros, honey... it's you. Not him. Please. Feel it in my heart." Jade said in a desperate tone. I could feel how distress she was at that moment.
                          "I know. I know." I placed my forehead against hers and gave her a lingering kiss. I missed kissing her for the past twenty hours. I missed her close to me like this. I missed her soft compassionate voice, her smell, her warm skin and everything about her.
                          "Then why can't you let go of this jealousy? He's my friend, like a brother. He won't do anything to ruin our marriage."
                          "How sure are you?"
                          Jade heaved a sigh and gave me a frustrated look.
                          "Okay, sorry. It's just that I can't get it out of my mind." I said.
                          "About what?"
                          "That night. When we met at the bar. You made love with me thinking that I was him, for heaven's sake!"
                          "Please lower your voice. The kids will hear us." Jade strode towards our bedroom door and locked it. "We were strangers at that time. We did not make love, we had sex."


"It was not just sex for me. I was extremely attracted to you. You looked so cute, fascinating and beautiful..." I groaned out aloud. "It hurts that you were seeing me as someone. Him. To think that we had Zion that night."
                          "Honey... please. You're reminding me again how irresponsible I was." She sat on the bed and clasped her fingers together. "I was not totally drunk at that time. I remembered you."
                          "Really." I shook my head, not believing her. "You just want to make me feel good."
                          "Of course not. I remembered a very handsome man sitting beside me. I tried to ignore him because he was so gorgeous. Lethal. I knew that if I talk to him, my life would change.  But he insisted in getting my attention. One look at his tantalising grey eyes made me drawn into him." She bit her lower lip then continued.  "Honey... I admit. I tried to think of Joseph when I kissed you that night. But it was so hard. You looked so different. How can I mistook you for someone else. You have the darkest long hair and dark penetrating eyes that bares my soul. One kiss from you, I melted. Yes. I was so attracted to you too."
                          I grinned at her. "Is that the truth?
                          "It is. I swear." She put her arms around my neck and pulled my head down. 
                          Her nearness made violent reaction in my body. I cleared my throat, pretending not to be affected. "I'm not totally convinced." I gave her a wicked grin. I loved seeing her reaction when I teased her.
                          "What?" 
                          "Convince me. Show me how much you love me." I said. Caressing the smallness of her back, down to her hips.
                          "I will and will never stop. But promise me, you will try to treat him well when you see him, and get rid of your jealousy."
                          "Okay. I promise."
                          She smiled and gave me a long kiss. "I guess it's time for me to convince you now?"
                          "Yep. And your time starts now."
                          
                          ***Please support me as an author***
                          Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends
                          Thank You
                          __ You can read Rachel and Ares love story in THE SINS OF THE PAST__ 
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          Or you can read Zion Petrakis' ongoing story, THE BOY I ADMIRE FROM AFAR.
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          COMING SOON! Emerald Petrakis' story, The Fall of the Drama Queen
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          
                          You can read this book also, for some tips and FAQs on how to become a Wattpad Star and a published author.
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          

The Boy I Admire From Afar

Now Available on Wattpad
                          Zion Petrakis' Story
                          Read it Now
                          If you love reading THE GIRL HE NEVER NOTICED, I'm sure you will love Zion's story.
                          
                          The Boy I Admire From Afar #TBIAFA
                          By: Neilani Alejandrino a.k.a. sweetdreamer33
                          
                          Claire Olsen had a great crush on Zion Petrakis since the first time she laid eyes on him. But Zion had his eyes glued at the school's 'It girl' Maddie Jennings. Claire couldn't compete with Maddie who was every boy's dream girl in school. She hid her feelings for Zion and just satisfied admiring him from afar.
                          But a series of events led Claire closer to Zion in Senior High and that made her feelings for him intensified- growing from infatuation to love. She tried to act normal and fought hard to hide her feelings when they were together. At some points, she avoided him, but the more barrier she put between them, the more he barged into her ordered life.
                          Meet the other characters of the story: Izzy, Harry, Maddie, London and the Petrakis Family - Eros, Jade, Emerald and other sweetdreamer33 characters.
                          Enjoy Reading.
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          

Book II - Chapter 21

Chapter Twenty One (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          "I love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out. I love that it takes you an hour and a half to order a sandwich. I love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you're looking at me like I'm nuts. I love that after I spend the day with you, I can still smell your perfume on my clothes. And I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night. And it's not because I'm lonely, and it's not because it's New Year's Eve. I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible."  -- Nora Ephron, When Harry Met Sally
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "We're going to the Philippines."
                          "When?" I was surprised and excited at the same time when Eros arrived late one evening and announced that we were going to the Philippines for a business venture. 
                          "This weekend." He grabbed my waist with both arms and pulled me up until our face were on the same level. He kissed me lingeringly that had me melted like liquid.
                          I put my arms around his neck and returned his kisses with equal fervor. Eros' hand creeped under the hem of my skirt moving up to my inner thigh when the door suddenly opened.
                          "Mom! Have you seen my new Nike Shoes? The one we bought last week?" Zion said, barging inside our bedroom.
                          I jerked up and moved out of Eros' arms. 
                          "Hey, young man. I told you to knock before you enter our bedroom." Eros said to Zion.
                          "I did." Zion answered, giving us a confused expression.
                          Eros and I looked at each other. He did? We didn't hear him.
                          "Next time, knock louder." Eros said firmly.
                          "Okay dad. Mom, where's my shoes?" Zion turned to me again.
                          "I don't know. Where did you put it?"
                          Zion shrugged his shoulders. "It's not in my wardrobe. I haven't used it yet."
                          "We'll look for it tomorrow morning. It's getting late."
                          His shoulders slumped and turned around immediately. He bumped at Emerald on his way out. 
                          "Ouch!" Emerald shouted and pushed Zion. 
                          "Hey!" Zion shouted back.
                          "You stepped on my pinky toe!" Emerald shouted again.
                          "You're so small I didn't notice you."
                          "Shh... " I scolded them before Eros lost his patience.
                          "Look mommy, my toe is broken." Emerald said with teary eye.
                          "No, it's not." Zion laughed.
                          "I hate you. Why are you laughing? You see I'm hurt! You're not looking at where you're going!"
                          "Okay, sorry Annabelle." Zion teased Emerald. He knew how she hated being called Annabelle, the doll in The Conjuring movie.
                          Emerald made a series of punches at Zion but she couldn't hit him. He was good in evading her punches.
                          "Stop that or I'll have you both grounded for a month." Eros finally spoke and the kids immediately behaved.
                          "But daddy..." Emerald said.


"Go back to your rooms." Eros said in his very authoritative fatherly voice.
                          "Are we going to bring the kids?" I asked him once we were alone in our room.
                          "Definitely NO." He answered then pulled me tightly in his arms. 
                          Eros and I went to Cebu, Philippines for two weeks. We really had a great time. After he finished his meetings with his new business ventures, we explored the beautiful city and amazing tourist spots. It was like having our honeymoon again. Eros bought a big red motorcyle and we used it going out of town trips for a swim in the white sand beaches at Moalboal, Bantayan Island, canyoonering at Kawasan Falls, spending overnight in small cottages and others. It was an adventure for us - we were fearless. We just bought our knapsacks with our passports, a few clothes and personal body care items, debit/credit cards and a few bucks in it. Nobody knew us and it was fun!
                          My parents in-law were so happy to take care of Zion and Emerald while we were in the Philippines. They brought the kids to amusement parks, watched movies and shopping. They had the opportunity to spoil our kids and it gave them much pleasure.
                          
                          Eros POV
                          Jade and I had a great time in the Philippines. We explored the adventure side of our personalities. We learned new things from each other that made our love for each other stronger. She looked more radiant and healthy with her new tan. More and more beautiful every passing day. She was an amazing woman and I was the happiest man in the whole universe for marrying her. 
                          It felt so good to see our kids again after two weeks of being out of the country. We missed them terribly. Emerald's stubborn personality, always shouting at Zion for teasing her. Zion's noisy skateboard wheels inside the house and the sudden crashing of figurines, glasses and vases when he hit something. 
                          BUT something about Emerald changed. She became a very spoiled brat. I guessed my parents made her. Especially that her seventh birthday was fast approaching.
                          We were by the pool, Jade, Emerald and I eating ice cream after swimming. It was a Saturday afternoon and summer, a good time to relax and enjoy the day.
                          "I want Shawn Mendes and Ariana Grande for my birthday party." Emerald's eyes opened wide and gleamed with excitement. "I want a live concert."
                          "What? You're turning seven not seventeen, sweetie." I heard Jade replied. She was agitated. Emerald was asking too much for her seventh birthday that would be happening in two weeks. "You're going to have a children's party. Just like Carter did." 
                          "That's so boring!" Emerald pouted.
                          Carter was her cousin, the eldest son of my sister Chloe Petrakis Monteiro. Carter had a superheroes costume party when he turned seven four months ago. There were inflatable playground, kiddie roller coaster,  water ride and fun slide. The kids had a great time, including Emerald - who wore Wonder Woman costume. I remembered her laughing and screaming when we rode the roller coaster. She said she wanted the same for her seventh birthday.
                          And now... she changed her mind.
                          "Everything is set already Emmie, we paid for the venue, the rides, the food and everything." I said. 
                          "I still want Shawn and Ariana to sing." Emerald insisted.
                          "Okay, I'll see what I can do. But I can't promise you. They're famous singers and usually they're fully booked. They don't accept short notice."
                          "Sure dad." She said and looked down. But I saw her glassy eyes shone brightly. I shook my head. This is going to be a problem. She's really turning into a very spoiled brat.
                          ***One week later
                          "Daddy, I don't want a concert for my birthday anymore. Can we build a play castle in the garden? I want to be a princess."
                          I looked at Jade whose eyebrows shot up in surprise.
                          "What? But we already booked for Shawn Mendes and Ariana Grande, sweetie." I scratched my head frustratedly.
                          "I want to be a princess, daddy. Please... Harry said that he'll be my prince."
                          Oh God. That son of the ***  Harry again. Her crush on him got under my nerve already. It should stop now.
                          "Don't believe Harry. He said it to all innocent young girls..." I stopped when I felt Jade squeezed my arm. 
                          "What your dad mean to say is, we only have one week more to go before your birthday. Building a beautiful play castle takes weeks." Jade tried to explain to Emerald.
                          "Please mommy... daddy." Emerald looked at us with puppy eyes. "I always wanted to be a princess. I want to wear a light-up princess gown."
                          "With lights?" Jade said in confusion.
                          "Yes mommy. Like Athena wore on her birthday."
                          Athena Niarchos was the daughter of my childhood friend, Ares Niarchos. Athena and Emerald were of the same age. They also went to the same school. 
                          Jade heaved a sigh then said. "Let's see what we can do, okay? I'll ask your aunt Sapphire to help us get the dress."
                          "Thanks mommy." Emerald said happily. "Can I have a tiara?"
                          ***
                          Two days before Emerald's birthday, we were in the dining table having lunch when Sapphire arrived.
                          "Ta-da! Surprise Emerald. I have your light-up princess gown for your birthday!" Sapphire was holding a big box.
                          "Wow!" Emerald exclaimed and immediately leaped out of her chair. Unfortunately, her foot got twisted and she ended falling flat on the floor.
                          Dammit! I was not fast enough to catch her. 
                          "Aaargghhhhh!" Emerald shouted in pain. Her arm hit the floor first.
                          "Emmie!" Jade shouted.
                          "Oops!" Zion caught the chair, but not Emerald.
                          "Emmie... oh nooo..." Sapphire bit the tips of her fingers.
                          Emerald was crying so hard. I slowly pulled her up in my arms and she cried harder. Her forehead was bleeding.
                          "Tell me where it hurts baby?" Jade asked, feeling so frantic. "Here? Here?" She touched Emerald with her fingertips.
                          Emerald didn't want to be touched. Every part of her body hurt. She was crying and groaning with pain. 
                          We brought her to the hospital. She got a broken arm. She had an MRI. Her head and spine were fine. She just had a cut on her forehead.
                          Emerald stayed in the hospital for two days. She got home in time of her seventh birthday celebration.
                          Her dream play castle was constructed and finished on time. The guests especially the kids enjoyed the party. There were kiddie rides,  awesome games, the food were delicious with a giant castle birthday cake, yells of laughter and joy were everywhere. As promised, Harry was there wearing a prince charming costume, just as what Emerald wanted. Shawn Mendes and Ariana Grande were onstage, having a live concert. The kids were dancing and singing with them.
                          Everyone had so much fun. Except for Emerald.
                          She was sitting on her throne, sulking. She was wearing her very beautiful light-up princess gown with a sparkling silver tiara on her head. She was almost hidden from the many gifts in front of her.  She had an arm cast and a plaster on her forehead. Her vein in her neck hurt that she had her head bent down sideways all the time, almost touching her shoulder. 
                          I pitied my daughter. It was her special day and she was not enjoying every minute of it.
                          *Don't forget to Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends*

Book II - Chapter 22

Chapter Twenty Two (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          "I look at you and see the rest of my life in front of my eyes." - Pinterest
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "Are we expecting visitors for dinner?" Eros asked me when he arrived home after work. He pulled my back to his hard chest and kissed my neck.
                          "No." I turned to him and gave him a kiss on his lips.
                          "Why are you preparing so much food? Who's going to eat all of that?" His eyes shifted to the different dishes on top of the kitchen counter. Carbonara, chicken adobo, california maki, a bowl of ramen, bibimbap, pho cuon and butter chicken with naan bread.
                          "Us."
                          "What? Honey... you know I don't eat dinner much. I'm happy with a sandwich." His lips twisted.
                          "No worries. Me and the kids can eat all of that."
                          "Emerald barely touch her food and you know Zion doesn't eat much. He's so thin."
                          "Stop complaining. I'm craving for these dishes... and I'm excited to eat." I took a dish and put it in his hand. "Be a good boy and help me put this in the dining table. I'm starving already."
                          He grinned. "Wow, that's something new. I thought you're only starving for me."
                          "Not again..." I rolled my eyes. 
                          He managed to squeeze my butt cheek and I jerked. 
                          "Behave, Mr. Petrakis. I don't like it when you do that to me." I complained. "You see I'm holding a dish."
                          "Really huh? You're going to eat your words when I tie you to the bed later, wife." He laughed.
                          "You're going to tie who daddy?" 
                          Eros and I were surprised to hear Emerald's voice. 
                          "Emerald? Is that you?" Eros asked, looking around for Emerald. 
                          "Yes, daddy." Emerald answered.
                          "Where are you?" I asked her. Eros was looking for her under the table.
                          "I'm here." One of the kitchen cabinets opened and Emerald came out. 
                          "What are you doing in there sweetie?" Eros helped her and carried her playfully. She was already seven years old but Eros loved to carry her. She was always our baby. 
                          "I'm hiding. Zion is mad at me."
                          "Why?" I asked her. Emerald always managed to make Zion mad now a days."
                          "I broke his Fifa 16 xbox cd. I accidentally stepped on it." She pouted.
                          Eros shook his head. "Don't worry. I'm sure Zion is not mad anymore. I'll talk to him now."
                          Of course, Zion wouldn't get mad anymore once Eros talked to him. Knowing Eros, he knew how to bribe his kids. That was his problem, he spoiled our kids. 
                          And now, Zion started to get Eros' attitude. He was becoming like Eros. 
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          I entered Zion's bedroom and saw him staring at a girl's photo in his iMac monitor - it was Maddie Jennings. Our neighbour.
                          "Dad! I told you to knock before you enter my room." He said and immediately hid the photo.
                          "I did." I lied.
                          "You did not." Zion insisted and came towards me, giving me a quick kiss on my cheek. "How's your day?"
                          "Very hectic but it's fine. What's up with Emerald?"
                          "She broke my Fifa 16 cd."
                          "Don't give your sister a hard time. Don't forget what's important in life. Material things are replaceable but important people can't."
                          "I know dad, sorry. She just keeps on breaking my things. She even deleted my files in my laptop last week. I don't understand why she keeps on hanging here in my room and using my stuffs."
                          "She adores you, that's why. She enjoys hanging with you now. In a few years when she's older, you will miss her pestering you around. I felt the same way with your aunt Chloe. She irritated me most of the time. Actually... until now... sometimes. But I missed her annoying childish ways, that had me grounded most of the time." I laughed. "She was like an extension of mom. A news reporter to mom and dad whenever I did something bad."
                          "Really? That must be terrible."
                          "It is. Imagine your grandpa Markos who was so strict, always yelling at me 'I don't have a sloth for a son!" 
                          "I'm glad you're different dad."
                          "But I believed your grandpa and grandma raised me and Chloe well. We're both hardworking, family oriented and happy with what we have now.  You see, parents have different ways in raising their kids."
                          "I agree. You're the best dad." Zion tapped my shoulder like he was the dad and I was his son. "So when are you going to buy me the latest version of Fifa? The Fifa 17 is already out dad."
                          **The following day**
                          "Why are you bringing too much food? We're going to watch a movie not go on a picnic." I said to Jade, when I saw what was inside the paper bag she brought in the car. 
                          "I'm always hungry nowadays. I enjoy eating." Jade said, hugging the paper bag like it was her life.
                          She was getting bigger and bigger every day. She ate plenty of food every meal like she was a man. I didn't really mind her getting bigger, she became very voluptuous... wow. I loved the change but I was worried because she ate everything, even the unhealthy foods. 
                          "Can we drop by at McDonalds? I forgot to bring french fries." Jade took a big bite of a sandwich. 
                          "What? Are you pregnant?"
                          Jade stared at me innocently. "No... I don't know..."
                          "I think you're pregnant."
                          "Oh my God..." Jade gasped.
                          ***
                          After an hour, it was confirmed. She was already three months pregnant.
                          
                          ***Please support me as an author***
                          Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends.
                          Thank You

Book II - Chapter 23

Chapter Twenty Three (UNEDITED)
                          
                          --Playlist--
                          
                          "A baby will make love stronger, days shorter, nights longer, bank balance smaller, home happier, clothes dirty, the past forgotten, and the future worth living for." - www.namesforbaby.org
                          Jade's POV
                          I was in the Sweetdreamer cafe sipping hot green tea and watching at the girl outside selling cookies. The weather was cold but she was there for nearly thirty minutes already. She hadn't made a lot of sale. People just passed and ignored her.
                          She looked so pale and thin. Her thick bangs and pin straight black hair almost covered her face. I could see the sadness on her face and the way her shoulders slumped a little from time to time. She looked desperate for money.
                          I pitied her. I remembered myself when my dad died. The struggles I went through in helping my family to pay the monthly bills, the house rent, mom's meds, our food and everything.
                          She noticed me staring at her. I made a hand gesture for her to come inside.
                          Her face brightened and she came inside the cafe at once.
                          "Good day, maam. I'm selling cookies."
                          "Hello dear. Sit down." I said.
                          The girl sat down across me shyly and put her box of cookies on top of the table. She looked younger than I thought. Maybe ten or eleven. Her aloofness showed in her face.
                          "What have you got in there?"
                          "Um... I have Chocolate Kiss Peanut Butter, Oatmeal raisin and Monster cookies for two dollars per pack." She took a plastic pack each of her cookies and showed it to me one by one.
                          "Who made these? Your mother?"
                          The smile immediately left her face. She looked down to hide her eyes. "My mom already died two years ago. I made these cookies maam."
                          "I'm sorry. It must be so hard for you losing your mom."
                          "It still is." She looked at me. Tears welled in her eyes but I could see her struggling to control her tears from falling down.
                          "I'll take all of your cookies."
                          Her eyes immediately came alive. "Are you sure?"
                          "Yeah. These look delicious. I'm sure my kids will love it." I opened my wallet and gave her a hundred dollar. "Here, keep the change."
                          "Oh no... I can't take this maam, this is too much." Her eyes widen seeing the money.
                          "It's okay. It's all yours. Just go home now and do your homework. It's getting dark already."
                          "You're right. I haven't done my homework yet." She smiled and she looked so pretty. "Thank you so much maam. You're so kind."
                          "You're welcome." I responded.
                          The girl stood up and left the café.
                          Two minutes later, Eros and Zion finally arrived.
                          "What took you so long?" I asked Eros the moment he entered the café.
                          "Ask Zion." He gave me a kiss on my lips and sat beside me.
                          I glared at Zion and he shrugged his shoulders, sitting on the same chair that the girl vacated. "I lost my backpack. I forgot where I put it."
                          "We have to look for it in the entire school for Christ's sake." Eros frowned and leaned his head on the padded seat.


"Where did you find it?"
                          "Under a tree. He forgot he put it there when he was skateboarding." Eros took my cup of green tea and sipped on it.
                          "That's the problem with you, Zion. You're always playing with your skateboard. What if you lost your bag. You're already twelve years old... "
                          "Relax honey." Eros was caressing my back up and down. "Getting upset is not good for the baby."
                          "Sorry mom. I'll be very careful next time." Zion said. He looked at the box of cookies. "Can I have one of these?"
                          I nodded. "You have to eat in the car. We're going home now."
                          "Okay." Zion responded obediently and took the box of cookies with him.
                          
                          
                          Zion's POV
                          I got endless lecture of responsility and maturity from dad on our way here in the café, and now, mom...
                          Thanks goodness, mom stopped. I looked at the homemade cookies inside the box, it looked delicious. I couldn't wait to get inside the car and opened one of the packs. I was hungry. Doing skateboard tricks made me.
                          I ate the cookies. All kinds were delicious. But I liked the one with kisses chocolate on top better. I looked for another pack of it at the bottom when my hand caught a string. What is this?
                          I pulled the string and saw a small brown dreamcatcher with feathers dangling in colors - red, violet, black and white.
                          "Is this yours mom?" I asked mom who was busy talking on the phone with aunt Sapphire. "Mom!"
                          "Yeah!" She shouted back.
                          "Are you both deaf? Why are you shouting?" My dad complained and mom caressed his arm, but still busy talking on the phone.
                          I looked closely at the dreamcatcher. It was beautiful.
                          "Can I have this mom?"
                          "Yeah." Mom shouted again and dad looked at her, shaking his head.
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          "AAAaaaahHHHHHHH!!!!!"
                          Jade and I were taking a nap when we heard someone shouting.
                          "That's Emerald." Jade sat down slowly. She was nine months pregnant. Anytime soon, she would deliver the baby. "Hurry up, honey."
                          "Yeah, yeah." I jumped out of bed and ran towards Emerald's room. I wondered what was going on. It sounded like an emergency.
                          My body vibrated with fear. Damn it! Please God. Don't let anything happen to Emmie.
                          Emerald was in front of the mirror when I opened her bedroom door. Her eyes opened wide, liked in a shock.
                          She looked fine.
                          "Daddy..." She was holding a hair clipper in her right hand and her other hand was clasping her hair.
                          "What's going on?" I moved closer to her.
                          "Daddy..." Her eyes pooled with tears and slowly her hand let go of her hair.
                          "Oh my God." I was so shocked seeing her hair falling on the floor. She shaved her beautiful long ginger red hair!
                          "Sweetie, why are you playing with this?" I took the hair clipper out of her hand and inspected her hair. Fuckingshit! She shaved half of her hair off. Jade would freak out if she sees this.
                          "Daddy, can I glue my hair back?"
                          "My God, Emmie... what have you done with your hair. You can't glue it back. You have to wait for months for it to grow long again."
                          She was crying now, big tears falling on her cheeks.
                          Oops shouldn't have said that.
                          "No, Emmie. Stop." I inspected her head again. It was really terrible. Her white scalp was showing. I must tell Jade about it. She could do something about this.
                          "I want my hair back daddy." She was picking her hair on the floor, trying to put it back on her head.
                          "Oh God. Come, let's go to mommy."
                          I was right. Jade was shocked. But she tried to remain calm and assured Emmie that her hair would grow back soon. She cut Emerald's hair short.
                          Sapphire came after an hour bringing different kinds and colors of wigs, making Emmie laughed and excited to try everything on.
                          That same night, Jade was so stressed out. She gave birth to our new baby girl, Crystal.
                          Don't forget to vote.Thanks.

Book II - Chapter 24

Chapter Twenty Four (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your Playlist here--
                          
                          "The Love of a family is life's greatest blessing." - http://www.goodmorningquote.com/family-quotes-sayings/
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "Crystal is so cute." My mom, Ruby Collins said.
                          "Very pretty with black hair. Just like Zion's." Sapphire ran her fingers through Crystal's hair. "She got more of the Petrakis looks."
                          I smiled. "She did but not the temper."
                          Sapphire laughed. "Hallelujah for that."
                          "She hardly cries. Since we brought her home she never cried unless she's hungry. She just sleeps through the night. Her pediatrician said that there's nothing wrong with her. We're just lucky that she's born like that." I continued.
                          "She's just like you. You hardly cried when you were a baby." Mom said playing with Crystal's hand.
                          "Really?"
                          "Yeah. I think Crystal has your personality."
                          ***
                          "Who's feeding baby Crystal chocolates!" I yelled. I just went to the bathroom and when I came back in the living room I saw the baby's mouth smudged with chocolates.
                          "I did not." Zion came out from the kitchen.
                          Emerald was on the floor playing with our dog, Happy. She pretended not to hear me. I knew she was guilty.
                          "You two. Don't feed Crystal anything, okay. She's not a dog, for God's sake." I snapped at them angrily. "She's still a baby. She only eats baby food."
                          "Sure, mom. Chill." Zion took a big bite of the pizza he was holding.
                          Emerald made a swift glance at me and continued playing with Happy.
                          "Did you hear me Emerald?" 
                          She sat down and twisted her hands, then gave me her best puppy eye look. "I did, mommy. I'm sorry."
                          Zion took care of Crystal while I had a nap. He just adored his sister so much. At thirteen he was a responsible boy already. As he grew up, he looked more and more like Eros. He got the Petrakis temper but he was a very compassionate boy, kind and caring. A trait he got from the Gonzales also.
                          The Gonzales kept in touch with us from time to time through Skype. They talked to Zion asking him about his school and whereabouts. Last year they were here in the United States for two months. We had a great time with them, especially Zion who missed them so much.  We invited them to live with us in the house and we really bonded like families.
                          After my nap,  I went to Zion's room to get Crystal. Zion was on his bed sleeping while Crystal was beside him wide awake. His arm was around Crystal.
                          I laid down at the end of the bed and noticed the dreamcatcher dangling from the ceiling, above Zion's head. It was beautiful. It looked like coming from a girl.
                          I wondered who his crushes were. The last time was Maddie Jennings.
                          Zion stirred then sat down. He raked his messy hair with his fingers. "Sorry I fell asleep. I'm tired."
                          "What time did you sleep last night?"
                          "Around 11."
                          "Hmm... I saw your lights still on at 12:30. You should sleep early. You'll not grow taller if you keep on doing that."


"I don't. It's weekend mom. I wanted to finish a game on Xbox last night." Zion reasoned out.
                          "Where did you get that?" I pointed at the dreamcatcher. "Your girlfriend gave it to you?"
                          "No. I don't have a girlfriend. You gave it to me." He frowned and sprung himself on bed. 
                          "I did not."
                          "You did, mom. You forgot already? It's in the box of cookies. Remember at the cafe, you were so mad cause I lost my bag."
                          "Oh yeah... But that's not mine. The girl who sells cookies owns it."
                          "Who's that girl?" He turned his body, facing me. His eyes widened with curiosity.
                          "I don't know. I haven't ask for her name."
                          "You should have asked her name. She sells delicious cookies."
                          "I haven't tasted any of it. You ate everything. Now, I'm disappointed." I gave him a sad look. Teasing him.
                          "Buy more cookies if you happen to see her."
                          "Yeah I will. She said, she was the one who made it."
                          "Really? She's an amazing girl. Her cookies are so delicious." Zion said.
                          "You should have seen her. She's pretty."
                          His eyebrows furrowed. "Mom!"
                          I laughed. I just loved teasing Zion.
                          Eros' POV
                          Jade and I were having our shower together, making passionate love. Her legs straddled around my hips. I was absorbing the feel of her.
                          "Are you coming honey?" I pushed inside her and she moaned with intense pleasure. Arching her back to better accept me.
                          "Yes! Yes!" She said in breathless urgency.
                          I drove harder and kissing her lips hungrily. 
                          A loud knock interrupted our passionate lovemaking. "Mom! Dad! Hurry up! We're going to be late!"
                          Shit! It's Emerald.
                          "Don't listen to her." I whispered on Jade's ear. Pushing her on the wall and continued what we were doing. 
                          "MOM!!! Grandma already called! We have to be there early!!!"
                          Dammit!
                          "Okay! Just let us finish." I shouted back. 
                          "You two took too long to shower." I heard her murmured followed by a banging of the door.
                          "Emerald is so bossy. She's only eight. I can't imagine her when she's a teenager."
                          "Just like you." Jade laughed and kissed me again. We continued making love until we were sated.
                          That evening, we went to The Plaza - Grand Ballroom. It was my mom's 60th birthday. The celebration was so formal and elegant. The men were in tux and the women in long gowns. Everyone was excited for the event. Extremely rich and famous people all around the globe were invited - Kings, Queens, Sheiks, Sultans, famous celebrities, business tycoons, films and music producers, etal.
                          Jade looked so gorgeous in her green sexy backless long gown. The color matched her eyes. She wore the set of diamond necklace and bracelet I gave her on our last wedding anniversary. 
                          Emerald was so pretty in a flourescent pink ball gown. She was wearing a ginger red wig. Stood up in the crowd. Everyone was complimenting her for her beautiful gown and her beauty. 
                          Zion looked so tall already at thirteen. He greeted the guests with confidence and talked to them very well. Many young girls were eyeing him, giggling and seeking for his attention. That made me proud as his dad. 
                          After dinner, I was surprised when the emcee called Emerald for a surprise performance. Jade was shocked also. 
                          "Oh no. This must not happen. Dad, stop her." Zion said.
                          It was too late. Emerald was running to the stage.
                          "What's going on?" Jade looked at me.
                          "I don't know." I said.
                          "I think she's going to sing." Zion turned to Jade. "I heard her singing in the bathroom this morning."
                          "What!?" I started to get anxious.
                          The lights started to dim and the music intro started. Emerald was in the center stage holding a microphone. The spotlight was on her. Her flourescent gown changed in different colors and designs. Everyone applauded. 
                          She started to sing. The first two lines were fine... but as she continued singing, it became so bad.
                          "Dad. Mom. Stop her. She sounded like a dying cow. It's embarrassing." Zion said.
                          "We can't do anything about it." I murmured in a whisper to Zion then shifted my attention to Jade. 
                          Jade looked at me innocently and asked. "What?"
                          I smiled and said. "No doubt, she's you're daughter."
                          *Please Vote. Thank you*

Book II - Chapter 25

Chapter Twenty Five (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here-
                          "There is no such thing as a "broken family." Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents. Families are made in the heart. The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut. If you cut those ties, those people are not your family. If you make those ties, those people are your family. And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you."  - C. JoyBell C.
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          "What's that?" I asked Eros. We just woke up and we were surprised to see the five big boxes in the living room.
                          "I don't know," he answered and checked the boxes. "It's for Emerald."
                          "What?!" I checked the boxes, it was really for Emerald - from an online store.
                          What are the stuffs inside? Did she order all of these in the internet?
                          Hands on my waist, I glared at Eros and he shrugged.
                          It was his idea giving Emerald a debit card a month ago, when she turned eight. I told him to wait until she would be responsible enough, maybe twelve, just like Zion. But Eros insisted that it was a better idea to give her now. She might lose her money and become hungry in school. It would teach her to become responsible also in managing her money.
                          But this!
                          "Wow! Packages?" Zion said behind me. He just woke up also, running down in his blue pajamas. 
                          "It's for Emerald."
                          "All of that?" Zion's eyebrows shot up in surprise.
                          "Yeah. She ordered it online store." 
                          "Isn't she young to do that?" He gave me an odd expression.
                          "Exactly." I said. "Tell her that her packages arrived."
                          "Okay mom." Zion immediately returned upstairs. He was taller now. At thirteen, he was 68 inches tall. He looked more and more like Eros as he grew up, but his personality was a combination of me and Eros.
                          I jolted when Emerald shouted. "AaaaHHHHHH!" She was running down the stairs in her Pokemon onesie pajamas and hugged the boxes.
                          "What are those?" I asked her.
                          "Dollhouses." She said, smiling happily.
                          "All of that?" Eros pointed the boxes angrily.
                          "Yeah. One for Athena... another for Britney... Tori and Jessica. Don't worry, they paid me for these, one hundred percent more." Emerald explained, feeling proud that she was earning.
                          "Who gave you the permission to buy things online? We gave you a debit card for your expenses in school." Eros snapped at Emerald. "It's supposed to teach you to become responsible in handling your money."
                          Emerald's happy face immediately went off. Her eyes widened with fear. She stood still frozen. 
                          "We just saw the dollhouse on TV, dad. It was on sale so we grabbed the chance to buy it." 
                          "You should have told your mom. She could have buy it for you."
                          She shrugged her shoulders and looked at me. "She wouldn't let me."
                          "Maybe I would if you told me." I said to her.
                          "You usually don't mom. Remember the last time I wanted a Chuckie doll, you didn't allow me." Emerald reasoned out.


"Of course! That's a very scary doll. I was pregnant with Crystal and I don't like any ugly things around me."
                          Zion laughed aloud. "Who would ever want a Chuckie doll."
                          "Look who's talking?" Emerald eyed Zion up and down. "You think you're lucky that you didn't get caught ordering a book online last week?"
                          "Really?" Eros looked at Zion fiercely.
                          "That's a chess strategy book." Zion's blurte at Emerald. "You know about it dad, you even borrowed it."
                          "I did?" Eros said, confused. "When?'
                          "The other day, when you fetched me after my hockey training."
                          "Oh yeah..." Eros scratched his head and focused his attention back at Emerald. "You young lady, you're grounded for two months." Eros said angrily.
                          "Oh no... no... daddy please. Mom, I can't. It's Athena's birthday next week!" She exclaimed. "I have to be there or else I would miss half of my childhood. My life will be worthless!"
                          Emerald was so noisy, complaining, screaming and crying louder and louder. She was becoming a very spoiled brat. 
                          I looked at Eros. He was so annoyed with the noise already. His eyebrows furrowed. While Zion was on his headset all the time. Crystal was on her crib, in the living room. She jerked up every time Emerald shouted.
                          "Everyone will be there, my classmates, my schoolmates, my teachers... my friends... except ME! They'll be bringing gifts, playing games, taking pictures.... and I won't be included. Hu-hu-hu... Selena Gomez will be there and Shawn Mendes... hu-hu-hu." Emerald was on the carpeted floor rolling, having tantrums.
                          "Hey! Stop it. Grow up." Zion took off his headset and tried to pull Emerald up by the hand. Emerald stuck her tongue out at Zion.
                          "OKAY! Fine! You can go to Athena's party." Eros said, giving up already.
                          Emerald was immediately silent and stood up. "Thank you!" She said in a high pitch voice and gave a victorious smile. 
                          Oh my God! She was  just acting. 
                          I wondered where I went wrong in raising her.
                          
                          
                          Eros' POV
                          "Hello, darling." I knew that familiar flirtatious voice behind me. I turned around to face her. Still the same, but older and thicker.
                          Kendra Packer.
                          I saw her arrived with a TV producer early this evening, in this charity event sponsored by my parents. 
                          "Miss me?" She eyed me with that same kittenish look she did before. 
                          I cringed.
                          I took a sipped of my martini, then smirked. "You haven't changed."
                          "Still finding me attractive?" She ran her fingers on my arm.
                          "I heard that. Are you flirting with my dad?" I was surprised to see Emerald standing between us.  Her small arms were clasped together on her chest. Her green eyes were hard and filled with dislike flashing at Kendra.
                          "Hello, cute little girl? What's your name?" Kendra stooped down and asked Emmie.
                          "Answer me first. Are you flirting with my dad?" Emmie snapped firmly, and that made my eyebrows rose.
                          Kendra laughed so hard. "Hmm... You're a nosy little girl."
                          "I'm not." Emmie put her hands on her waist. It became her habit. "You're wearing too revealing clothes for an old lady." 
                          Kendra's eyes widened and glared at Emmie. "You're right, kid. I'm flirting with your dad."
                          The next thing I knew was Emerald splashing my martini to Kendra's white dress.
                          "Don't flirt with my dad." Emmie yelled that made Kendra gasp.
                          I told Jade about what happened later that evening. She was surprised on what Emmie did. 
                          "I'll talk to her when we get home." Jade said.
                          "But you know, I'm not sorry for Kendra. She's still a bitch. I couldn't help but remember when she spilled wine on your gown during our engagement party." 
                          "Why, you think she deserved what Emmie did to her?"
                          I nodded. 
                          "She really flirted on you, huh?"
                          I nodded.
                          Her expression suddenly changed to anger. She drank my martini straight and said. "Ha! She deserved it."
                          Jade and I enjoyed dancing that evening. Zion danced with Emerald too, they were laughing all the time. Good thing about Zion, he knew how to adjust with Emerald's behavior, that in the end, they always got along well.
                          Dad and mom were dancing too, they looked so happy together and in love. I remembered mom, so upset with dad last week that she stayed in our house overnight. He forgot their wedding anniversary. 
                          I saw dad answered his phone. He was laughing and suddenly his expression change. Shocked, then he started crying. 
                          I stopped dancing with Jade and rushed to dad's side. 
                          "Are you okay? What's going on?" I asked him.
                          He looked at me with tears falling on his cheeks. "Your grandma. She's gone."
                          
                          ***Please support me as an author***
                          Vote, Comment and Share this story to your friends.

Book II - Chapter 26

Chapter Twenty Six (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          "A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year." - Paul Sweeney 
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          It's going to be a beautiful day! 
                          I woke up at dawn feeling so happy. It was our 10th year Wedding Anniversary. I looked at Eros who was still sleeping beside me, in our king-sized bed. He was snoring and that made me smile. 
                          "Happy Anniversary." I whispered on his ear when I saw him stirred. Then I hugged and kissed his cheek. 
                          He moved and turned to the other side, away from me. 
                          "Hey." I said.
                          His head lifted a little and turned to me, giving me a questioning look. Then his head sprung to his pillow and slept again.
                          He forgot our Wedding Anniversary!
                          It's okay. That happens when one is not fully awake. He'll remember later. He always does. Morning sex and breakfast on bed. Hmm... It became a habit every anniversary. I smiled at the thought. I went to check on Crystal, then went back to bed.
                          BUT what I anticipated never happened.
                          Eros woke up later walking like a drunk to the bathroom. He stumbled on the carpeted floor and cursed, then continued walking, fully awake.
                          He went out of the bathroom freshly showered with a white towel around his hips. He came to bed and gave me a smack on my lips. I was disappointed. I was expecting a long lingering kiss. It's our anniversary.
                          "I have to go to the office early. I have a meeting with Ares and Tristan. We're going to pursue the mining project."
                          Oh! He's busy.
                          "That's great hon." I answered. Looking at him while he was dressing up in his usual office attire.
                          "Tristan arrived from New Zealand last night. It's a miracle that he wants to be in the project too."
                          "Really?"
                          "Ares and Rachel was in Wellington two weeks ago and they hung out with Tristan and Stella. Ares was able to convince Tristan." He laughed and gave me the tie he picked in the closet. "Damn Tristan, with his secret stash of gold bars. He needs to invest that huge amount of fortune."
                          I put the tie around his neck and started working on it, tying it tightly around his neck.
                          "Ouch! You're choking me baby." He said and adjusted the tie. "I really have to go now. I'll have coffee and sandwiches in the office."
                          "Aren't you forgetting something?" I said when he was about to open the door to go -  reminding him that it was our wedding anniversary.
                          "Oh yeah! Sorry baby. I'm so stupid to forget." He smiled adoringly. 
                          Awweee.... he remembers. 
                          He went towards me on the bed and rained kisses on my lips. "I love you, baby. Don't wait up for me tonight. I'll be home late." He said then left. 
                          What?!
                          ***
                          I was in the breakfast table, feeding Crystal, when Zion appeared. Looking so suave and handsome in his formal jacket uniform. He was already fourteen.


"Do you remember what day is today?"
                          "It's Friday, mom." He said, pulling his backpack on his right shoulder.
                          "I mean, it's an important day."
                          He frowned then looked up, thinking. "Yes! I almost forgot. Thanks for reminding me mom. Tonight is the finals of American Ninja Warriors. It's going to be amazing!" He shouted happily, kissed my cheek and left.
                          Oh God.
                          Emerald appeared in the breakfast nook, holding a notebook on her face, memorizing. She did that lately, studying so hard even on Saturdays. She became very competitive in school. Something that was not her usual self.
                          "Emmie... do you remember something special today?"
                          She put her notebook down and stared at me questioningly. Then her eyes widened. "Oh my God! It's Miss Jansens' birthday! I should give her a flower, a card or something..." She ran back to her room.
                          I looked at Crystal, who was staring at me. Waiting for me to feed her. 
                          "Nobody remembers our wedding anniversary." I said sadly to her. I put a little mashed carrots in her mouth and she shrieked with happiness. 
                          ***
                          "What am I gonna do? Should I call him and remind him that it's our anniversary?" I called Rachel Niarchos, one of my closest friends.
                          "Don't you ever do that. Make him feel guilty for forgetting your anniversary."
                          "How could he forget. It's our 10th year!" I heaved a long sigh. Aside from being loving and compassionate, Eros had been sensitive, honest and thoughtful when it came to our relationship. Forgetting something important like this was not his nature. "Maybe he's planning a surprise. Perhaps a romantic candlelight dinner tonight."
                          "Well, I really hope so. Anyways, I have to go. I have to go to pick a dress for tonight. Ares and I are going to a big party." Rachel said. "I'm so excited. Have to get my hair and nails done."
                          "Oh, okay. Have fun." I said sadly. At least Rachel and Ares would be together tonight, partying and having a good time. 
                          ***
                          "He forgot our anniversary, Saph."
                          "He's forgetful already. How old is he by the way?" My sister, Sapphire said. I called her after lunch. I was so restless already. 
                          "He's thirty seven only."
                          "Tell him to stop drinking hard liquors, it can cause alzheimer's disease. You'll be shocked when next year, he'll not only forget your anniversary but also your name." Sapphire laughed. She loved to joke when it concerned about Eros. It became her game to ridicule him. "I really have to go. I'm organizing a big event for tonight and my client here is glaring at me already. I'm teaching him to sing."
                          "Okay, bye Saph. I won't take too much of your time."
                          "Bye sis. See you soon."
                          My sister was even busy. I couldn't call mom either. She was in Los Angeles with Donovan having a vacation. I didn't want to disturb her time with him. She would worry and cut their vacation short.
                          ***
                          I called Eros mobile phone and it took too long for him to answer.
                          "Hello baby? What's wrong?" He said in his usual concern voice.
                          "Nothing. I just want to call you and say hi."
                          "I'm fine baby, don't worry. I'm in the project site with the boys. Are you okay?"
                          "Yeah, I am." I answered.
                          "Anything important you want to say? Is Crystal fine?" 
                          "Yeah. She's sleeping right now."
                          "Good. The two geese?"
                          "Still in school."
                          "Okay good. I really have to hang up honey. They're waiting for me." Eros said in a hurry. "I'll be home late, don't wait up. We're going to finish discussing this project tonight."
                          "How late?" I asked.
                          "Very late. Maybe I'll be home at midnight."
                          "Oh! But honey... don't you remember?" I have to remind him. It was our anniversary, for heaven's sake.
                          "What? Sorry baby, I can't hear you well. The phone signal here is really bad."
                          "It's our wedding anniversary today, honey." I almost yelled at him.
                          "What? I can't hear you. It's so scratchy. I'll talk to you later, okay? I really have to go. I love you, bye."
                          I inhaled deeply, feeling disappointed. "Sure. I love you too. Bye."
                          ***
                          At around five, Zion called me. 
                          "Mom, grandpa fetched me and Emmie. He said he'll take us to dinner with grandma. There's a new Korean restaurant they want to try."
                          "Okay, sure." So I'm going to be alone tonight. In our 10th wedding anniversary.
                          "Do you want to come with us?" Zion asked. "Doris can take care of Crystal."
                          "No. I'm fine. I'll just read a book. Have fun."
                          I got a call from Rachel the moment I hung up the phone. 
                          "Ares can't attend the party. He's with your husband. They're still in the mining site. He said he'll be home at midnight."
                          "Yeah. Eros told me." I said in a very sad voice. I couldn't help it. I was totally disappointed. Hurt.
                          "Awweee... he still didn't remember your anniversary?"
                          "Yeah."
                          "Why don't you come to the party with me? Let's have a good time. I'm sure Eros won't mind." Rachel suggested.
                          "I don't think so..." The idea was very tempting. But still I was hesitating. 
                          "Come on. It's time for us girls to have fun some time. I'll call Ares to tell Eros that we'll be going together."
                          "Well... "
                          "Please Jade. It would be so fun!"
                          "Okay..."
                          "That's great! I'll pick you up at seven. Wear your best dress tonight. It's a formal party. I'm so excited already!"
                          I called Eros to tell him that I would be going out, but his phone was out of coverage area. I just sent him a voice mail and texted him. Happy 10th Wedding Anniversary.
                          
                          **Don't forget to Vote**

Book II - Chapter 27

Chapter Twenty Seven (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          
                          "The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time."  - Julia Child
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          Jade's POV
                          Unbelievable. He still hasn't replied to me. So this is what happens after ten years of marriage. You forgot your own wedding anniversary.
                          I called Eros again, but still he couldn't be reached. 
                          I was getting so upset.
                          I opened my closet and scanned for something to wear for the party. Rachel called again to inform me that we should wear a gown. I decided to wear my new purple satin and beaded strapless formal dress. I bought it a few weeks ago. I fell in love with the dress. And it's my favorite color.
                          I wore my four inch silver stilettos and applied a glam look makeup, then let my hair loose. I wanted to enjoy the evening and celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary without Eros.
                          I heaved a long sigh. How could he forget our anniversary. It was our ten years together. I understood that the kids forget about it. But Eros... I was so disappointed of him right now.
                          I checked on Crystal. She was sleeping. Doris was taking care of her. 
                           Rachel fetched me at seven. 
                          "Why are you taking a limo?" I asked her when we entered the limousine.
                          "Why not? It's nice if we treat ourselves sometimes." Rachel poured me a flute of champagne. "Besides, it's your wedding anniversary. I'll help you celebrate it."
                          "You're so kind, Rachel. I'm so lucky to have you as a friend." I took a sipped of the champagne and settled comfortably on the seat.
                          "Awwee... I feel the same. You're like a sister to me."
                          We laughed and talked about our husbands and kids. We exchanged house tips, recipes, beauty products and other things. With Rachel, we wouldn't run out of  topic.
                          The limousine finally stopped at the lobby of St. Regis Hotel. It took us awhile to arrive when it was near our house.
                          "Oh! Do you know that we had our engagement party here?"
                          "Yeah, you told me before." Rachel walked beside me, holding my arm. "Ares attended it."
                          "Of course. I remembered meeting him that evening. He was alone though."
                          "Glad to hear that." Rachel said happily. "Come on, the party is in the grand ballroom."
                          "Really?" It was exactly were Eros and I held our engagement party. It was a disaster when we ended falling at the pond of Koi fishes. But everything went well afterwards. I smiled at the thought of it.


Rachel and I entered the grand ballroom. I was surprised to see the purple and white flowers and decors that resembled my... wedding. She didn't tell me that we'd be attending a wedding.
                          My mind went blank for awhile, feeling strange that everyone was looking at us, clapping. 
                          Oh my goodness. We're blocking the bride!
                          I looked around and saw Rachel behind me, smiling.
                          "Go ahead." She said, pointing at the beautiful wedding arch at the center.
                          "What?"
                          "Your groom is waiting."
                          "What?" I got so confused. I focused my eyes at the man who suddenly appeared under the wedding arch. I blinked my eyes several times. My goodness. It was Eros. 
                          What the hell is he doing in there!
                          I looked at the guests. They were all smiling at me. Then I saw many familiar faces. Family, relatives and friends. I even saw mom with Donovan. I thought they were in a vacation. Doris was also there, with Crystal. How?
                          "Hi sis! Surprise. Happy wedding anniversary." Sapphire appeared, hugged me. She handed me a white bridal bouquet and putting a white headdress on my head. 
                          "What's going on?" I was still in shocked. I felt like I was in a cloud, floating.
                          "You're going to get married again." Sapphire's eyes widened with excitement. 
                          The music started playing and Emerald walked passed beside me. "Hi mommy. Happy Anniversary." She looked so pretty in a purple dress. She had a basket with her full of red petals and was throwing it on the aisle. 
                          Zion appeared beside me, looking so handsome in a tuxedo. He looked taller than I thought. I was even looking up at him. 
                          He kissed my cheek. "Happy 10th wedding anniversary mom."
                          Tears suddenly tears pooled in my eyes as I looked at Zion, then my eyes transferred at Eros who was waiting for me at the other end of the aisle, smiling. 
                          "Don't cry." Zion said.
                          Too bad. I couldn't hold my tears. It was running down my cheeks non-stop. All the emotions I felt during the day, thinking that everyone forgot our wedding anniversary. Especially to Eros, who made me so upset. 
                          Zion gave me his handkerchief. "Come on, mom. Dad is waiting."
                          I wiped my tears and slowly, Zion walked with me down the aisle. 
                          ♪And darling I will be loving you 'til we're 70And baby my heart could still fall as hard at 23♬♭    And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe just the touch of a hand♬♮    Oh me I fall in love with you every single dayAnd I just wanna tell you I am♩♪ 
                          My tears were falling down my cheeks again as I looked at Eros. We held eyes as I walked towards him.
                          He looked so strikingly handsome in a white tuxedo. After ten years, he was still the same, the man I loved and married. That teasing look and smug smile. Charming, caring, loving and a passionate guy. 
                          "You remembered?" I said when Eros took my hand, away from Zion.
                          "Of course. Why would I forget our special day?" Eros said, holding me close to him. "Happy tenth wedding anniversary baby. I love you so much."
                          We kissed and everyone clapped. 
                          Later, the ceremony started. Eros and I renewed our vows. 
                          "Jade, 10 years ago, I pledged my love and commitment to you, but it seems like only yesterday. I promised to love you, honor you, comfort and keep you. I pledges to be by your side in sickness and in health, in times of want, and times of plenty, for better or worse, for the rest of our lives. We have had all of those things, and you have been by my side as we created a family, a home, and a life together. Today, at the beginning of our 11th year as husband and wife, in the presence of God, and our family and friends, I renew my vows to you, pledging my eternal love for you, and eagerly awaiting what life may bring us."
                          "Eros, you are my hero, and my love. My hopes and dreams are forever intermingled with yours. Today I recommit myself to you and our marriage. I promise to encourage and inspire you, to laugh with you, and to comfort you in times of sorrow and struggle. I promise to love you in good times and in bad, when life seems easy and when it seems hard, when our love is simple, and when it is an effort. I promise to cherish you, and to always hold you in highest regard. These things I give to you today, and all the days of our life."
                          
                          *Please don't Forget to Vote*
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          If you can't get enough of Jade and Eros, read the story of their son, Zion Petrakis. The Boy I Admire from afar, now on Chapter 41.
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          

Book II - Chapter 28

Chapter Twenty Eight (Unedited)
                          
                          --Kindly put your playlist here--
                          "Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you. I'm just trying to distance myself because I know I can't have you." - Wiz Khalifa
                          
                          Zion's POV
                          "You know what? If you keep on writing love letters for Claire, I won't be wondering if someday you'll fall in love with her." Harry said when Izzy went to the toilet.
                          "Me? Are you kidding me?" I chuckled. "She's beautiful... but she's not the type of girl that I would hang out with."
                          "So, you find Claire beautiful, huh?" Harry gave me a malicious teasing look. Then laughed so hard when I gave him an odd look. "Be careful not to let Izzy hear you that."
                          I shook my head and continued writing the letter. "Stop it man, I told you. She's not my type."
                          "Oh yeah. You're obsession with Maddie Jennings. Why don't you court her? She's just waiting for you."
                          Obsession? Hardly. 
                          My crush on Maddie was slowly fading. I just stopped thinking of her. I couldn't remember since when, but it had been too long. 
                          Maddie was a pretty and talented girl. She danced really well and that made her very popular. Most boys in school have a crush on her. And yeah, I was one of them.
                          But now that I'm fifteen, my perception of beauty changed. I realized that outer appearance doesn't mean anything. What's important is the personality.
                          "Look at her, bro. She keeps on glancing at you." Harry whispered, leaning towards me. We were in the cafeteria. Waiting for our next class.
                          "Really?" I said. My attention was still focused on the letter I was making.
                          "You know what? It's obvious that she likes you. Act now before someone does." Harry continued, snapping his fingers in front of me. "Hey! You're not even listening."
                          "Wait. I'm almost done." 
                          I don't know. I enjoy writing letters for Claire. It just makes me happy. I was glad to help Izzy too. He found it hard to express his feelings for Claire in writing.
                          Something pulled me to look at the door. It was Claire. I couldn't understand. Every time I saw her, she made my heart leap. Maybe because of writing letters for her - made me feel connected to her.
                          Claire caught me looking at her, then she glanced away. She always did that. Never look at me. Sometimes I wondered. What did I do wrong? She seemed avoiding me. 
                          "Hey. You done?" Harry tapped my shoulder.
                          "Yeah." I said, folding the letter and put it inside the envelope.
                          "Let's go. It's almost time." Harry stood up pulling his backpack. "Dang it! Izzy is still in the toilet. I'm sure he's stomach is upset again."
                          
                          Emerald's POV
                          "What happened? You're dripping wet!" Mom said when she saw me getting out of the car. My uniform was wet, my socks and shoes. I was muddy, filthy and smelled really bad.
                          "I fell on a river." I walked to the front door heavy-footed, dragging my bag on the floor. 
                          "What? How did it happen?" Mom was getting frantic again. I didn't want her to worry. She had too many things in her mind already. Taking care of baby Crystal, me, Zion and dad. And the house. I didn't want to give her stress. Because stress leads to disease.


I shrugged my shoulders. "I missed a step."
                          Mom looked confused but stopped questioning me. Thanks God. I can go up to my room now. I need to study.
                          The truth was, I rescued an old lady's cat drowning in the river near our school. I was just in time before the cat caught by the current and swept away.
                          "Go, take a bath sweetie. I'll prepare soup and sandwiches for you." Mom said and went to the kitchen.
                          I had a bad day. I got one wrong in my Math exam. Regina got perfect. 
                          I hate Regina. She's always the teachers pet. I don't want to be defeated by her. In anything. I'm tired of always second.
                          I was ascending the stairs, stomping my wet shoes, feeling so tired and muddy when I met Zion and Harry. Shocks!
                          "Hey, you stink!" Zion exclaimed, blocking my way. "What happened?"
                          I was intensely embarrassed that Harry saw me like this. 
                          "I rescued a cat drowning in the river."
                          "Really?" Zion chuckled. I knew he didn't believe me. "Did you give it a CPR?" He and Harry laughed together.
                          "Get out of my way." I pushed Zion and went up running. Ugh! I hate my brother sometimes. 
                          "You still look cute, Emerald." I heard Harry shouted. At least, that made me feel a bit better. 
                          
                          Eros POV
                          "Honey, Edna is inviting us to the Philippines on her 60th birthday. I told Zion about it and he's really excited to see his Mama and Papa. It's summer break for the kids so we can stay longer and explore the country." Jade sat on the bed beside me. I just arrived from the office and so tired after a whole day negotiation with the Russian client. 
                          "When was the last time he saw them in person, a year ago?" 
                          "Yeah, when they visited the US. But Zion likes to meet the Gonzales family and relatives in the Philippines. He feels that they are his too."
                          "Of course. The Gonzales will always be a family to him - to us. Well, It's time for Zion to visit the Philippines." I hugged Jade, kissing her forehead.
                          "You mean, we're all going, right?" Her eyes widened with excitement. 
                          "No."
                          "No?" The excitement on Jade's face was replaced with disappointment. "Why? We can't just let Zion travel alone. He's still fifteen, a minor."
                          "He's not a kid anymore. He's tough."
                          "No way, Eros. No way." Jade stood up and put her hands on her waist, facing me squarely. "I can't let my baby travel alone."
                          She was angry. She often called me Eros if she was angry. 
                          "He's not a baby, for God's sake, J-A-D-E." I said emphasizing her name.
                          She put her hands on her chest, her emerald eyes glaring at me. "You're angry."
                          Look who's talking. I heaved a long sigh. "You were angry first. You called me Eros."
                          "Honey... can't you take a few weeks off? It's for Zion. Besides, we really need a vacation." She was hugging me now and raining kisses on my face. It was really hard to say no especially if she was acting like this - so sweet, loving and caring. 
                          "Of course. You see, I have to close that Russian deal. It's very important to get that project. We worked so hard on it already." Jade looked really sad and I didn't like it. "But tomorrow, I'll talk to the board, see if I can turnover it to anyone of them. Okay, baby?"
                          She nodded, smiling and hugged me tightly. "I'm sure anyone will handle it well, honey. I'm so excited to go to the Philippines." She kissed my lips sweetly then whispered. "Do you like a massage?"
                          Great. Just what I needed. I pulled her in my arms and kissed her properly. "What kind of massage are you offering?"
                          She giggled with laughter and screamed when I tickled her. 
                          Jade knew I couldn't say NO to her. I spoiled her too much and I loved it.
                          **Don't forget to Vote**
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          Hey guys!
                          This is our YouTube Channel: Nicole and Neilani. Please help us grow our channel by subscribing. We're aiming to get at least 3K. 
                          Thank you guys. I'll appreciate it a lot if you subscribe. Love you all!
                          Hugs and kisses,
                          Neilani [sweetdreamer33]
                          
                              
                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                          
                          
                          Ooppss... if you want me to continue writing TGHNN, please tell me. I know some of you are bored reading this story already and want me to continue writing Zion's story only. Comment here guys... don't be shy. Talk to me.
                          
                          -Please don't leave me without voting :)

